To watch "The Talking Points Memo" click here.
Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thank you for watching us tonight.
In a time of war, should certain statements by American citizens be considered un-American?  That's the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo .
You may remember that shortly after 9/11 Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson said that God had a hand in the attack, because America is a sinful country.  Now, those comments were outrageous and, I believe, un-American.  And the two men apologized a short time later.
Now comes another bit of un-American propaganda, this time from the left and it is no less outrageous.
In a two-page advertisement in The New York Times today, a group calling itself, "Not In Our Name" criticizes the war on terror and the impending action against Saddam Hussein.
But the ad goes way over the line when it states, quote, "We too watched with shock the horrific events of September 11, 2001. We too mourned the thousands of innocent dead and shook our heads at the terrible scenes of carnage -- even as we recalled similar scenes in Baghdad, Panama City, and a generation ago, Vietnam."
When I read that, I couldn't believe it.  This guy is comparing the slaughter of American civilians on 9/11 to the first Gulf War, where Saddam Hussein was defeated after invading Kuwait, and to the removal of Manuel Noriega, who had turned the country of Panama into a drug distribution cartel.
This is an absolute outrage and demonstrates not only muddled thinking but an anti-American point of view that is staggering in its implications.  The Not In Our Name group apparently sees America as the brutal oppressor.  And I think this opinion is un-American in time of war.
Now, the usual left wing suspects signed the ad.  People like Ramsey Clark, Jesse Jackson, Noam Chomsky, Daniel Ellsberg, Al Sharpton and Congressman Jim McDermott.  On the show biz side, Susan Sarandon but not her partner Tim Robbins, signed it, as did Danny Glover, Martin Sheen, Joan and John Cusack and Sandy Duncan, of all people.
Dissent is always welcome on The Factor, but this kind of propaganda is insulting to the families who lost loved ones to the terrorists and damaging to the war on terror itself.
The ad states that America has no moral right to remove terrorists, because we ourselves our terrorists.  This is dishonest, disgusting and un-American, period.
So here's what we've done.  Because these dissenters have a voice, we want to give you one, as well.  You can go to BillOReilly.com and tell this group exactly what you think of their ad.  From our web site, we've provided a link to their web site.
Please keep your comments rational and non-threatening, no obscenities and no foolish statements.  Let them know how you feel, but do it with class.
And that's The Memo. We'll have more on this story coming up.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
Former Fox Sports personality Jimmy Kimmel has a new program on ABC.  It debuted last night after the Super Bowl, and one of his first guests was rapper Snoop Dogg who had a message for me.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JIMMY KIMMEL, JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE:  You were kicked off The Muppet Show ?  I know that.
SNOOP DOGG, RAPPER:  Yes, man.  Bill O'Reilly, man.
KIMMEL:  What -- Bill O'Reilly?  Is he...
SNOOP DOGG:  You know, I'm going to get us in trouble one time.  Bill O'Reilly, this is for you. [Makes obscene gesture for the camera]
(LAUGHTER)
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY:  All right.  Another articulate point of view from Mr. Dogg.  Ridiculous?  Well let's just say anything associated with a man name Snoop Dogg might fall into that category.

