To watch "The Talking Points Memo" in the Screening Room click here.
Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thanks for watching us tonight.
Power to the people, right on.  Shades of the '60's, that's the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo.   The good folks in California are going to recall Governor Gray Davis.  He has bankrupted that state, turning a $10 billion surplus into a $40 billion deficit in just five years.
Imelda Marcos could handle money better than this guy.  Now the Bush administration doesn't want the recall, calculating that a weak California governor is better for the Bush campaign in 2004.
But Talking Points applauds the recall because it shows the power of the people.  There's no question Governor Davis has screwed up the Golden State.  And his approval rating now stands at 28 percent, which means millions of California Democrats understand the situation.  Whenever a public official is hurting the people, the people have a right to kick that public official out.  And this recall is a terrific example of how all of us can use our power as American  citizens.
And here's another example.  The Factor led boycott of France has caused French wine sales to decline 20 percent in the U.S.A.  French cheese sales are down 15 percent.  And Americans traveling to France also in steep decline.  All of which proves the power of the American consumer.
In the end, it is up to us to demand honest and effective government.  Only blind fools would say Gray Davis should remain in office.  The nation's largest state is in chaos economically.  And he's the chief executive officer.
If Davis is removed, this sends a powerful message to every public official  that the people will only take so much.
Today, a new poll shows President  Bush's popularity in decline over the economy and health benefits.  But I believe the president is losing popularity not because of policy, but because he has  distanced himself from the folks.  He rarely holds press conferences and vital questions remain unanswered.  Even though Mr. Bush is still very popular among Americans, he would be wise to be  more accessible to us.
Iraq, the 9-11 investigation, the economy, the tax cut, entitlements, all deserve full explanations directly from Mr. Bush.  "Talking Points" is going to  make a prediction.  Governor Gray Davis is going to get booted out.  I don't know who's going to replace him.  It could even be Arnold running around terminating  foolish spending, but it doesn't matter.  Nobody could do a worse job than Davis.
So I say more power to the people.  Let's remove the incompetents.  They  all work for us.  And we should be tough bosses.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
A research company called the Benchmark Outfit, out of Austin, Texas, has released a study called "Talk Radio in America: A National Perspective."  The study rates the level of awareness of radio talk-show people, here is the rundown.
Rush Limbaugh is number one in awareness; Howard Stern, two; Imus, three; Dr. Laura, four; Michael Savage, five; and your humble correspondent -- there I am -- six.
Now since The Radio Factor has only been on the air for 14 months, this is pretty good news for us and only ridiculous if you don't like the The Factor concept.

