To watch The Talking Points Memo in the Screening Room click here.
Saddam Hussein is a very happy man after this weekend. That's the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo.
Millions of people worldwide demonstrated against any war over Iraq and if their wish comes true Saddam Hussein will keep his power.
That means thousands of Iraqis will be tortured and murdered this year and perhaps in the future lethal weapons will be used against Americans courtesy of Saddam.
The question is do the peace demonstrators consider the ramifications of their actions?
American protesters succeeded in shutting down the war effort in Vietnam and that was a good thing. The South Vietnamese government was corrupt and President Johnson would not fight the war to win because he was afraid of Chinese and Soviet intervention.
But when U.S. troops pulled out of Southeast Asia many bad things began to happen: Two million Cambodians were slaughtered by Pol Pot and his communist killers and millions were enslaved by a totalitarian regime in Vietnam.
If you remember the peaceniks back then said nothing about these atrocities and ignored the holocaust in Cambodia.
So here's the question and it's a complicated one: What if good intentions result in bad actions?
For example, if the United States had prevailed in Vietnam, those 2 million Cambodians would not have been slaughtered. But for a variety of reasons we did not prevail.
That same scenario could happen again if the peace people have their way. Saddam Hussein will remain in power. He'll continue to play hide and seek with whatever weapons he has -- and according to the U.N. he's got anthrax, VX gas, Ricin and on and on.
Peace demonstrators are willing to take the chance that Saddam will not hand these weapons off to Al Qaeda, or to other terrorists. They are willing to take that chance.
Now, I respect sincere opinion that is well thought out so I can't condemn peace marchers. I can only say that I believe they are terribly wrong.
I can also say with confidence that many marching for peace simply hate the USA -- especially overseas -- and some Americans feel President Bush is a bigger menace to the world than Saddam.
This kind of thinking is frightening, but it's a reality and unfortunately we all have to deal with this because the protesters are very visible.
The happiest man around these days is Saddam Hussein. He loves the peace demonstrators because they will keep him in power longer. He loves France, Germany and Russia because they will keep him in power.
And most of all he loves the fact that the United States is being vilified for trying to rid the world of a true villain. Yes Saddam indeed is a very happy man today.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
That incredibly dense guy who plays Joe Millionaire is a perfect example of what hair mouse can do to your brain.
When asked what he thought about the Iraq situation, Evan Marriot replied he thinks we should turn Iraq into an "Arab Disney."
We're not exactly sure what that means, but we believe he wants to put a Disney theme park in that country.
Why? We don't know. But we assume it is ridiculous.

