To watch "The Talking Points Memo" in the Screening Room click here.
Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thank you for watching tonight.
A clear and present danger: that is the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo.
Last night we provided facts to back up our assertion that France, Russia and Germany have sold the United States out on Iraq.  Those countries are making billions doing business with Saddam and they want that money.
Tonight more evidence that many countries will simply never come to grips with worldwide terrorism.
Nineteen people, including one American, are dead in the Philippines after a group linked to al Qaeda detonated a bomb in an airport there.  This comes just days after the Philippine government turned down the help of American troops to fight the terrorists.
In Turkey that government may fall because of the chaos that now grips the country.  Its stock market has imploded and international confidence is shot because the Turks will not help the USA against Saddam.
All over the world there is chaos and confusion over how to deal with rogue states and terrorism in general.  The USA cannot allow that chaos to deter it.
The fact that a load of weapons grade plutonium has disappeared from Nigeria should send a signal to all Americans that a nuclear device could be planted here.  It is possible.  And those with the mindset to do that have to be confronted.
A new ABC News/Washington Post poll is encouraging: 34 percent of Americans support removing Saddam without reservations, 24 percent with reservations.  That's 59 percent of the country that believes Saddam must go with our without U.N. approval, according to the poll.
Talking Points is one of those with reservations.  Nobody knows what will happen during or after the war, so we must be cautious and meticulous.  This is not cowboy time but it is also not a time for paralysis.
Thirty-seven percent of Americans would allow Saddam to stay in power.  To these people I say this.
You are failing to understand that we have entered into the most dangerous period of American history ever.  The terrorists will kill you and your family.  The nations like Iraq and North Korea have the ability to provide those terrorists with doomsday weapons.  You are failing to recognize true evil.
In the 1930's millions didn't want to confront Adolf Hitler and many Jews in Europe could not conceive of an evil that would attempt to wipe out an entire race of people.  Thus, millions of Jews were caught by surprise when rounded up by the Nazis and the world did not join to fight Hitler until it was far too late.
Today's terrorists are Nazis.  They will slaughter you and your family, but unlike the Nazis, they have no fear of death.
Americans need to wake up and fast.  We are in crisis period where mass murder is an every day possibility.
If every country in the world would confront the evil of terrorism it could not exist on this planets but every country will not do that.  They do not see the evil, they do not care if Americans die.  The Nazis are back and this time their Panzers are plutonium and anthrax.  God help us.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
Another video example that crime does not pay in San Diego.  An alleged car hijacker -- there he is on the ground getting roughed up by a police dog -- got some temporary justice when he was -- look at that.  Bite him!  Get him!  I'd put Alpo all over that guy.  That's what I'd do.
All right.  They got him.  Ridiculous?  Of course.  All crime is.

