To watch "The Talking Points Memo" in the Screening Room click here.
Hi.  I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thank you for watching us tonight.
Circling the wagons in Georgia.  That's the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo.  We promised last night to give you the poll results from billoreilly.com, where the question was, "would you allow your child to attend a racially segregated prom?"
Unfortunately, I can't give you the results for the following reason.  A neo-Nazi organization called "Storm Front White Nationalist Community" tapped into our Web site, and its advocates polluted the poll.  Here's what was posted on that that neo-Nazi Web site.  "They're trying to crucify some white kids in Georgia for having their own prom.  Everybody vote.  Yes, it takes two seconds."
Before that group became involved, 62 percent of the respondents said they would not allow their kids to attend a segregated prom but, obviously, the poll is now skewed.  I'm sorry about that, but there is nothing we can do in this internet age.
So, now we put the question on the scientific FOX News/Opinion Dynamics poll roster, and we'll have snap poll results tomorrow for you.  Nobody can interfere with that.
Now, the fact that this white supremacist group is taking such an interest in the prom situation says a lot and should also be a danger sign to those of you who don't see the problem here.
Meantime, back in Georgia, some of the local media is attacking me for saying the prom is wrong and Governor Sonny Perdue should be ashamed of himself for not taking a public stand against it.  Now, we're used to being attacked here, but it's discouraging.  There's no way I should be driving this story from New York City.  The Georgia media should be all over it.  They are not.
The prom itself is a small story in the scheme of things, but the lack of leadership on the part of the Georgia power brokers is anything but small.  What are Black Americans supposed think when 18 percent of U.S. casualties in Iraq were black soldiers, and a couple of weeks later, an all white prom is allowed to go unchallenged.
Come on.  This kind of exclusionary garbage is unacceptable in a public school.  The sad truth is that millions of Americans of all colors simply don't want to associate with people different than themselves.  And they have a constitutional right to that desire, but a public school event, a prom, organized within the school is not a personal choice.  It is a celebration of achievement and advancement and to exclude some students because of skin color is mean and un-American.  Responsible leaders have a duty to make that known clearly and in person.  What say you, Governor Purdue?
We'll have more on this with Georgia radio talk show guy, Neil Boortz, coming up.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
As we predicted, the Madonna album is, well, not exploding.  It debuted at number one but was heavily discounted.  And now Roger Friedman of Foxnews.com reports the album has tanked in its second week.
Also, Madonna appeared on "Dateline" and tanked in the ratings over there.
Now we take no delight that Madonna's not doing well.  However, we have some advice that might help.
Drop the English accent, Madonna.  You're from Detroit.

