To watch "The Talking Points Memo" in the Screening Room click here.
Hi.  I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thanks for watching us.  The flak is flying over the all white Georgia prom.  That is the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo.
As we reported last night, some high school kids at Taylor County High in Butler, Georgia, held an all white prom off campus to get around civil rights problems. They do have a legal right to hold that prom but, morally, most American's realize that a segregated school party is offensive and un-American.  What kind of message does that send to kids at Taylor who are being excluded?  It is simply unacceptable behavior.
But the powers that be in Georgia, including the governor, remain silent in the face of this foolishness.  In fact, the school superintendent last night on this broadcast tried to justify the prom by using legalism.  Again, it's unacceptable.
The Factor got thousands of letters on the issue, and I want to read one from Ed McIntosh, who lives in Houston, Texas.
"Sir." That's me.  "Your moral indignation over a racially exclusive event is the height of hypocrisy and arrogance.  Where is your wrath and outrage over all black events, like beauty pageants, fraternities, and sororities?  Your tirade over this is disgusting."
So, let me get this straight, Mr. McIntosh.  My opinion that an all white high school prom is wrong is disgusting?  Think about it, Sir.
Let's break down that letter.  Mr. McIntosh justifies bad behavior, the prom, by pointing to other bad behavior.  This, of course, is faulty thinking.  If you buy into that rationalization, nothing can ever be criticized because there will always be something worse.
Talking Points feels all exclusionary clubs, pageants, schools, and the like, are against the American ideal of inclusion.  What is it about the United States that people don't understand?  "United" means we're all in this together.
A black beauty pageant designed to make money is a business enterprise.  It's dumb.  I would never support it, but it's a far cry from a high school dance that excludes some of the students because of skin color.  And if you don't understand that, no Talking Points Memo is ever going to help you.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
As you know, the boycott of French goods by Americans and some British subjects has cost France more than $500 million so far, according to the French Business Association.  Obviously, things are getting pretty hot in Paris, and Jacques Chirac is under enormous pressure.
So President Chirac is now bearing gifts.  He sent Tony Blair six bottles of French wine in a crystal carafe for the British prime minister's 50th birthday.  No word on Blair's reaction, but I think he should send the wine back with instructions as to where Chirac should store it, with all due respect.  To not be polite would be ridiculous.

