To watch "The Talking Points Memo" in the Screening Room click here.
Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thank you for watching us tonight.
Sex, videotape and outrage in Kansas.  That's the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo.
Tomorrow, the Kansas State legislature will vote again on whether to withhold funds from the University of Kansas for allowing a tenured professor to go wild in the classroom.  Dr.  Dennis Dailey is accused of using porn movies, graphic slides of naked children, crude language, and sexually insulting remarks to his students to teach his class in human sexuality.
Among other things, Dailey accused of having a pedophilia day in his class and a wheelchair sex day, where he actually showed videos of that scenario.  Last year, Dailey was named an outstanding educator by the university, and he denies all wrongdoing but will not consent to an interview.
The School of Social Welfare at the University of Kansas gets $3 million every year of taxpayer money, and the legislature may cut that off.  However, Governor Kathleen Sebelius vetoed the last attempt to rein Dailey in and may do the same thing this time.
The governor has refused The Factor's request for a statement but has said in the past, she believes Dailey's activities are covered by academic freedom.
The chancellor of the university, Robert Hemingway, is hiding under his desk and has been for quite some time.
Now this situation is similar to the Indiana University case we reported on last year.  The authorities there did nothing to stop a porn movie from being shot in a dormitory.  Of course, taxpayers fund the dorm.
What is happening, not only in Kansas and Indiana, is a break down of ethical standards in many places of higher learning.  Some faculty and administrators simply will not make judgments against behavior, just as judgments are not being made in many public high schools across the country.
The result is that people like Dennis Dailey can do pretty much what they want and justify it as academic freedom.  I'm no expert, but I don't think a pedophilia day is necessary in a sex ed class, especially when the tone of the class, according to some students who were in it, was sympathetic to child molesters.
The governor of Kansas is responsible here.  Of course, the ACLU is supporting Dailey because any kind of secularization of education is part of the ACLU's agenda.  But the governor should know better.  Her job is to make sure the state spends its money wisely and the university provides responsible education.  The governor needs to rethink this situation.
Pushing porn under the guise of education is a ruse.  Showing sympathy to pedophiles is unacceptable, and embarrassing students with sexual remarks is possibly illegal.  If Governor Sebelius again vetoes the legislature's attempt to get this university under control, would be a sad day for the country.  The vote is [scheduled for] tomorrow.  We'll let you know what happens.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
Time now for the "Most Ridiculous Item of the Day."
United Nations has reelected Cuba to its Human Rights Commission.  The White House says that's like putting Al Capone in charge of bank security.  We say the U.N. is totally out of it, completely ridiculous.

