To watch "The Talking Points Memo" click here.
Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thank you for watching us tonight.
Another very troubling illegal alien situation to tell you about.  That is the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo.
On December 19, a 42-year-old woman was allegedly gang-raped by five illegal aliens in Corona, Queens, a section of New York City right near Shea stadium.  Police have charged the five, four from Mexico, one from Ecuador.  The men were homeless, and four had been arrested before, two had serious convictions.
But by New York City law, the police may not have been able to inform the INS after they arrest an illegal alien.  In 1989, then-Mayor Edward Koch issued Executive Order 124 that orders city workers not to inform the INS when an alien discovered within the city limits.
Subsequently Mayors Dinkins, Giuliani, and now Bloomberg have all upheld that law.  We asked Mayor Bloomberg for a comment.  He refused to give one.  Another profile in courage.
Chicago, L.A., San Francisco, and San Diego also have such laws.  The result is that even after criminal illegal aliens are detained in those cities, the INS might never know they even exist.
This, of course, is outrageous, and the reason the law is in play is because politicians want the ethnic vote.  It's the same reason that President Bush does not order the military to help the Border Patrol.  The Republicans want Hispanic votes.
So now we have a mother, allegedly gang-raped by five vicious illegal aliens, that the city of New York knew were on the street and capable of hurting people, but apparently the INS was never alerted.
That's almost impossible to believe after 9/11.  But it's absolutely true.
If I were a friend or relative of the raped woman, here's what I would do.  I'd file a multimillion-dollar lawsuit against the city of New York and Mayors Koch, Dinkins, Giuliani, and the current New York City Mayor Bloomberg.  It could be directly because of these men, because they signed the order and upheld it, that those illegal aliens were not deported or at least scrutinized by the federal government.
The American people must demand reform and protection against illegal aliens.  Political pressure does not seem to be working, so perhaps embarrassing lawsuits will.
Every politician in America who refuses to enforce the immigration laws should be put on notice that if you've been harmed because some mayor or police chief has ordered the cops not to enforce the immigration laws, then you got to go after those people legally.  You got to get a lawyer and take them in.
As far as the president is concerned, time is just about running out.  The homeland security office is a joke without the real security of policed borders, deportation upon arrest for all illegal aliens, and strict federal penalties for local politicians and cops who allow illegals to run wild in the streets.
President Bush must reform, must reform this chaotic system.  Pity that poor woman who was gang-raped.  Get angry at the politicians who continue to allow these kinds of things to happen.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day..."
This time of the year, all those admired polls come out.  You know, "who's the most admired person, man, woman?"  And the president always wins.
But here's a shocker.  The pope is usually very high up on the list.  But only 3 percent of Americans chose him as the most admired person, which can be laid directly on the [priest-sex abuse] scandal doorstep.
That 3-percent rating ties John Paul with -- Are you ready? -- Bill Clinton! Which is supremely ridiculous.

