To watch "The Talking Points Memo" in the Screening Room click here.
Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thanks for watching us tonight.
Somebody up there must be looking out for President Bush.  That is the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo.
One day after the poll showed Mr. Bush's popularity in decline, the  administration gets a big win.  Uday and Qusay Hussein (search) are shot dead in northern Iraq (search).
This, of course, is a good thing because the continuing presence of  Saddam and his sons is frightening to many Iraqis and emboldens the guerrillas who are killing U.S. servicemen.
At this point, President Bush can easily turn his popularity around if he demonstrates that his administration is controlling the situation in Iraq, and if the economy continues to improve.  It is vitally important for the president to present himself as being in control of these difficult problems.  And the best way to do that is, of course, to level with the American people.
So there must be joy at the White House tonight.  But there is a troubling  problem in the background -- Saddam and Usama bin Laden (search) must be caught.  And the weapons of mass destruction situation must be cleared up.
These mandates fall directly into the lap of the Central Intelligence Agency (search).  It may not be fair, but we Americans expect results or a plausible explanation as to why the results are not occurring.
At this time of terror and turbulence around the world, Americans are looking for a strong leader.  Mr. Bush has been that.  And most Americans had emotion invested in him.
He did exactly the right thing after 9/11.  And there's no question the world is a better place without Saddam.  But leadership must be proved again and  again and again.  The demise of Uday and Qusay has given the president some  momentum.  He has a chance to seize the moment and reassure people that his  policies are right for the nation.  We'll see if he does that.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
The ministry of culture in France has banned the word "e-mail."  So much for freedom of speech within that enlightened government.  Henceforth, "e-mail" will be called "courrier electronique."
This has happened because some French pinheads believe English is corrupting their language.  Of course, it's ridiculous.  Or in French, we say ridicule.
Finally tonight, we would like to welcome our new viewers in Guam (search) and the Mariana Islands (search) where they speak English watching on Cablevision.  We hope you like The Factor out there in the Pacific.
And billoreilly.com premium members liked our exclusive interview with Liberian dictator Charles Taylor (search) last night.  That was a world exclusive, and that was the highest rated segment on billoreilly.com.  The update on the paint ball naked women controversy was the lowest rated.  We appreciate everybody taking the time [to vote].

