Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thanks for watching us tonight.
As we predicted, some judges in California trying to stop the recall election.  That's the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo.
The ACLU (search) is charging that some California voting machines are substandard and that the recall election should be postponed until the spring when new machines would be in place.  As we pointed out last week, these machines, the same machines we used last November when [Governor] Gray Davis was re-elected and nobody filed any lawsuits.  But now that Davis may lose his job, the left wing ideologues who run the ACLU, and who are serving on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals (search) are trying to save Governor Gray Davis any way they can.
So today, the court ruled the recall must be delayed.  This, of course, is naked politicizing on the part of the federal court, which also ruled that the Pledge of Allegiance was unconstitutional, that Americans do not have a right to bear arms, and that motorists, get this, motorists should not be prosecuted if they drive high on marijuana.
This court is insane.  And we believe the Supreme Court will overturn the recall  decision.  However, if the complexion of the Supreme Court ever changes  and the so-called progressives replace the traditionalists on that court, then the vision that these crazy judges in California have with the country will prevail.  And a very different American will emerge.
All of us should realize what's at stake here.  The Ninth Circuit court wants a secular "quasi- socialistic" country where all private conduct is acceptable, even  to the extent of driving while stoned.  These judges don't care about the laws it stands.  They want to change the law to fit their view of what America should be.
The Factor's one of the few media outlets that will define this crucial situation for you.  We are very close to becoming a country that's run by judges, not by the people.
Overwhelmingly, the American public wants to remain a traditional point of view.  Seventy-seven percent of Americans don't object to the Ten Commandments (search) being posted in a courtroom.  Almost as many approve of the Pledge of Allegiance as it  stands.  Yet all of that will not matter if the Supreme Court becomes progressive.
Once again, Talking Points believes the Supremes [the Supreme Court] will overturn the California recall decision.  And the will of the people will carry the day.  But in the future, watch out.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
CNN and CBS [News correspondent] Christiane Amanpour (search) says that her coverage of the Iraq war was slanted and that FOX News is the reason why.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CHRISTIANE AMANPOUR, CNN CORRESPONDENT:  I think -- yes, I think the press was muzzled, and I think the press self-muzzled.
I'm sorry to say, but, certainly, television and perhaps to an extent my station was intimidated by the administration and its foot soldiers at Fox News, and it did, in fact, put a climate of fear and self-censorship, in my view, in terms of the kind of broadcast work we did.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY:  Let me get this straight.  Ms. Amanpour was intimidated by another network and couldn't report accurately?  Do I have this right? Oh -- ridiculous?  Maybe.

