
Watch The O'Reilly Factor weeknights at 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. ET and listen to the Radio Factor!
BILL O'REILLY, HOST: "Back of the Book" segment tonight. As we reported last year, Indiana University (search) allowed an X-rated movie to be shot in one of their dormitories. When confronted with that, school officials locked their doors and hid under their desks. Obviously, it was embarrassing for the school.
Now another X-rated situation, 18-year-old September Harness (search), her real name, a freshman at IU, lives in one of the dormitories and has a Web site where she displays her -- well, charms. In essence, Miss Harness is running a sex business out of her college dorm room. She joins us now from Indianapolis.
When the powers that be at the college found out what you were doing, September, what did they say to you?
SEPTEMBER HARNESS, INDIANA UNIVERSITY FRESHMAN: Actually, I wasn't contacted by anyone from the school until I actually found out that they weren't going to do anything about it.
O'REILLY: Well, how did it go down? I mean, they found out about it, somebody had to tell them or they were cruising the Internet or whatever. And nobody said anything to you at all?
HARNESS: No, no one at all. The only reason I knew there was an investigation was because of what was in the papers and on the news. And I wasn't contacted until about a week after everything, and I was contacted by my resident manager that told me he was talked to by the dean and that they weren't going to do anything about the situation.
O'REILLY: So he just knocked on your door and said, September, look, don't worry about anything, the powers that be here at Indiana University aren't going to do anything to you, even though you're running kind of a sex thing out of your dorm room? That's what happened?
HARNESS: That's kind of what happened. Really what they said, it wasn't really a sex thing out of the dorm room. They just said that they didn't see any lewd or indecent conduct that represented IU in any sense.
O'REILLY: Do you think this is an academic environment here at IU? I'm thinking about going back to school and coming out there to Bloomington. You've got the porn movies, you have got you naked running around. I mean, what's going on?
HARNESS: Yes, I guess so. I think it has a lot to do with academics, but I mean, there is a lot of other things that go along with college than school.
O'REILLY: I'll say.
HARNESS: I mean, I guess...
(LAUGHTER)
HARNESS: Yes.
O'REILLY: Why are you doing this, September? And is your mom mad at you?
HARNESS: My mom was disappointed at first, but I'm her kid and she is going to support me and love me no matter what I do. Like she said, I'm 18 years old now and I make my own decisions. And I will just have to deal with it later. But really, the reason for doing this was for money to help pay not just for school but to get through school, however long I am in school, to finish my degree and everything. So yes.
O'REILLY: All right, any of the other students said anything to you, rude or anything like that?
HARNESS: No, I haven't gotten anything negative from anyone at school, so it's been pretty nice, actually. Mostly all I have had is people say that they support the whole idea, and that costs of tuition for school anymore is ridiculous anyways.
O'REILLY: Yes. You know, I don't know about this, September. I don't think this is going to turn out well for you, but the -- and I'm really stunned that they are letting you do this in your dorm room. Do you have a roommate, by the way?
HARNESS: No.
O'REILLY: So it's just you, the camera, and the computer.
HARNESS: No, we don't run anything out of the dorm, so we don't do anything on the computer.
O'REILLY: OK. So you do all of this off campus?
HARNESS: Yes.
O'REILLY: No, you don't. It's coming out of there. I know it is. All right, Miss Harness.
HARNESS: Out of the dorm?
O'REILLY: Maybe you want to rethink this. I don't think it's good for you. The pinheads at Indiana University are absolutely clueless.


