It didn't take long for Harvard Law School (search) to kick the military to the curb. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
If you watched “The Factor” last night you know two federal judges negated the Solomon amendment which denied colleges federal money if they refused to allow military recruiters on campus.
There's a whole bunch of legal mumbo jumbo involved but the bottom line is that the judges overrode Congress and decided to punish the military for its "don't ask, don't tell" policy on homosexuals. Remember, President Clinton was the driving force behind that compromise but some feel it discriminates against gays.
Harvard Law is up front about it: Dean Elena Kagan (search) clearly says the military discriminates against homosexuals and doesn't she want recruiters around. Harvard is the first school to reinstate the military ban. Now, since I have a degree from that, I can tell you more than a few faculty members are appalled by the ban. But the power lies not with them.
As "Talking Points" said last night, this insane ruling by the judges will be overturned. The "don't ask, don't tell" policy is not unconstitutional. So any biases perceived, not provable. And the Feds have a perfect right to withhold any funding from any forum that doesn't obey the law. These activist judges have negated that law, thumbing their noses at Congress and at us. But logic will dictate in the end, I'm almost sure of it.
As for Harvard, what can I say? I learned a lot there but many administrators live in the clouds— theory, not reality rules, —the war on terror is a concept, the military are brutes, the U.S. government is misguided and on and on and on. This revenge of the gay lobby is hurting the country which is in the middle of World War III as we all know. Harvard has now sided with the lobby. It's not only a shame, it's dangerous.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Tomorrow, we will broadcast from Washington.
We'll have my interview with Defense Secretary Rumsfeld. I've been trying for a long time to get it, and I'm looking forward to speaking with him.
Then on coming, this coming Sunday, my one and only book signing this season. I'll be in Ridgewood, New Jersey, in Bergen County, where my mother was raised, at the Bookends Bookstore (search), 1:00 p.m. Details on billoreilly.com.
Now the reason I can't do more book signings is because I don't have the time. My life is chaos, I work too much, but I like it. And I'm pleased to be in Ridgewood, New Jersey, this coming Sunday, 1:00 p.m., Bookends Bookstore. I hope to see you. I promise it won't be ridiculous.

