The revenge of the homosexual lobby: that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
A Federal Appeals Court has ruled 2-1 that colleges can ban military recruiting on campus and still demand federal aid. That decision negates the Solomon amendment (search) passed in 1996 that allows the government to withhold federal funds from colleges which ban the military.
Now the two judges believe that schools are entitled not to associate with groups whose policies they oppose, and I agree with those judges about the rights deal. But the federal government also has a right to define which schools and states and individuals receive federal dollars, doesn't it?
This all comes back to the don't-ask-don't-tell military policy which some believe is discriminatory. To refresh your memory, that policy says gays can be discharged from the military if they do the following: openly admit their sexual orientation, practice homosexual sex in a public way, marry someone of the same sex. Otherwise, gays can serve their country. The military can't ask any person about his or her sexuality period.
That policy is sane. It eliminates conduct that could cause severe morale problems, while protecting the privacy of all Americans who choose to serve in the military. But some activists don't like it. Thus, the controversy.
It is no secret that colleges like New York University (search), George Washington University (search), Stanford (search) and Georgetown (search), just to name a few, have an intense anti-military presence on campus, and that's pretty frightening in the middle of a war on terror where the military is the first line of defense for all Americans.
I believe this court ruling will be overturned, again because the federal government has a right to regulate who receives federal money, and the don't ask-don't tell policy is not unconstitutional.
But the message here is chilling. The politically correct crowd is hell bent on punishing those with whom it disagrees. We've seen that with the Boy Scouts, and now here it is again with the U.S. military.
This entire controversy is based on the belief that gays have the right to publicly define their sexuality anytime anyplace. That, of course, is wrong. It is simply inappropriate to inject your private life in many situations. A military structure and a scouting experience are just two of them.
This anti-military ruling is simply revenge, and activist judges are the hitmen. Keeping sex out of the barracks and out of scouting is simply logical. But, for fanatics, logic doesn't matter, and that's what we're dealing with here, fanatics.
Any college that bans the military from recruiting on campus is making a grave mistake.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Every year, there's a Christmas market in the town of Dresden, Germany, where Snow White and the Seven Dwarves appear to charm the children. Well, this year, the dwarves say they will go on strike because Snow White has been fired.
Apparently, a woman named Samira, who has played Snow White for the past five years, appeared in some racy photographs, and the town elders were appalled. Not the dwarves. And they say they will not show up unless Snow White does, which may or may not be ridiculous, depending on your view of fairy tales.
At least the dwarves are loyal to the naked Snow White.

