Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thank you for watching us tonight.
Another unbelievable radio exposition today.  That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
You may remember a few months ago that a woman interviewer on NPR (search) ["Fresh Air" Host Terry Gross] tried to sandbag your humble correspondent? -- That's me. -- Millions of you heard the whole thing. And NPR's ombudsman publicly scolded the woman.
Now there's another incredible radio situation. This morning, "New York Times" writer Frank Rich (search), who's viciously attacked Mel Gibson (search) for making the Christ movie and me for defending Gibson's right to make it, went on the Imus program and denied he had attacked Gibson or me personally.
I was I stunned.  On August 3, Rich called Gibson a "Jew-baiter" in "The Times."  On September 21, Rich repeated that charge and accused me of taking a bribe from Gibson to defend him.  On January 18, Rich accused Gibson of attempting to slur anyone who disagreed with his religious view.  And on March 7, Rich finally lost it altogether, accusing Gibson of exploiting a dying pope, exploiting the death of Jesus to make money, and implying that both Gibson and I are anti-Semites.
Yet Rich has the gall to go on a national radio program and deny he has engaged in personal attacks. So much for honesty in the elite media.
But I did get the opportunity to rebut. And in just a few moments, we will play part of my conversation with Imus. You can hear the entire talk on billoreilly.com. We have it streamed for you there.
The point here is that for one of the few times in history, the elite media has been called on a blatantly unfair campaign and is losing the debate.  This is not good news for the elites.  The American people have rejected the attacks on "The Passion" and the film is a huge success.  I believe the tide has finally  turned in this country.  And ironically, Jesus is leading the way.  No longer will "The New York Times" or any other national news organization be able to frame a debate without challenge on the national level.  No longer will agendas be imposed by supercilious journalistic big shots.  And as Martha Stewart would say, "That's a good thing."  And we all have Frank Rich to thank.  And that's the memo.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day."
I've been getting letters about me making $60 million a year.  Apparently, AOL encapsulated a "Business Week" article about me saying The Factor is a huge industry.
I just want to let you know I do not make $60 million a year. And that there were at least eight factual errors in the "Business Week" article, including the number of books I've sold, my compensation in every area, and the gender of my kids. Couldn't get that right.
By the way, everything associated with The Factor is done, made in, or otherwise engaged in America, and that's not ridiculous.
The latest billoreilly.com poll comprised in the USA asked if Martha Stewart had gotten a fair shake.  Here are the results: Twenty thousand of you voted.  Seventy-six percent say, yes, Martha got a fair shake. Twenty-four percent say she did not.

