Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Happy New Year.  And thanks for watching 2004's first edition of The Factor.
Keeping an eye on the American jihadists, that is the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo.  My New Year's resolution is to continue to expose the dishonest media, those who use their positions to spew ideological propaganda, both on the left and on the right.  Now that's a dangerous resolution, because once you expose these people, they come after you with a vengeance, but the issue's so important, I can't duck it.
Right now, the far left in America has some momentum with Howard Dean (search) doing well and some liberal attack dogs prospering.  The ideological jihadists have smelled blood.  These people don't much like America the way it is now.  They want a big change.  They despise President Bush.  They can't stand the fact the country is based on Judeo-Christian tradition (search).  And they think capitalism is oppressive.
These people are always secular, usually quasi socialistic, and angry as hell because their message has been rejected by the vast majority of Americans.
But with Governor Dean, some powerful allies in the media and in the courts, they see an opportunity.  Let me give you a clear example.
The Seattle Post-Intelligencer is one of the most liberal papers in the country.  It even endorsed Congressman Jim McDermott, Saddam's best friend.  Recently a PI liberal columnist named Joel Connelly wrote this.
"The FOX News channel displays its politically conservative biases, but never misses a chance to display skin on the screen...FOX viewers can watch Bill O'Reilly rail against hip hop music and excoriate Abercrombie & Fitch for its racy Christmas catalog...yet, in his novel Those Who Trespass, O'Reilly gets steamy in a way that would have gotten him banned in Boston."
Connelly then lists a passage from the book to demonstrate that I have no right to criticize gangsta rap or Abercrombie.  What Connelly fails to tell his readers is that we oppose vile rap lyrics and the group sex clothing catalogs specifically because those things are largely marketed to children.  I mean, how many times did I say that?  I couldn't care less about what Americans over the age of 18 consume.
Connelly distorts the real issue, protecting kids from pernicious behavior, in an attempt to marginalize me and FOX News.  I guess he's fine with gangster rap and group sex for teens.
To his credit, Connelly has agreed to appear with us this coming Thursday.  So he'll have a chance to make his case.  There are scores of media people doing exactly what Connelly did.  And most of them are on the left.
So in the coming months, expect ferocious warfare between these far left jihadists and those who oppose them, especially if  Dean is nominated.  It's going to be brutal.  And we'll be right in the middle of it.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day."
Every year, the Harris interactive poll (search) ranks the most popular television personality.  This year, Oprah came in first.  David Letterman second.... And, are you ready?  Your humble correspondent, me, -- third.  Whoa.
Harris also said I was the fastest riser on the survey list.  Obviously, it's a great honor for a cable guy like me.  And I thank all of you who provided the Harris people with your no-spin opinion.  It may be ridiculous to some, but it means a lot to me.  Thank you.

