The far-left bomb throwers are exploding all over the place and it's certainly satisfying to watch it.
In Great Britain, the head of the BBC (search) and his top aide have been removed because a government investigation found they misled their viewers about Prime Minister Tony Blair.
As you may know, the BBC accused Blair of lying about weapons of mass destruction, the same unfounded charges leveled against the Bush administration. When the British government demanded proof of the charges, the BBC folded.
Throughout the Iraq war, the BBC's coverage was deemed biased, even by some of its own correspondents. Now here in the USA, we don't have government-funded media, so anyone can make irresponsible charges and pretty much get away with it. But when you deal in defamation, there's usually a price to pay and the BBC pinheads have paid it.
So has Howard dean. His campaign is in chaos because he surrounded himself with fanatical ideologues, who encouraged him to lash out, which he did with relish. Americans took a hard look and turned away.
So, too, has Wesley Clark fallen after his embarrassment with Michael Moore. Calling people liars and such is not the kind of public discourse which commands respect. Sometimes it has to be done, usually to defend oneself against bogus charges, but the smear merchants who traffic in this kind of invective will never succeed in the long run.
The BBC used to be a first-rate news organization respected around the world. Now it's become a leftist hotbed, bent on encouraging a liberal agenda. Hopefully the resignation of its leadership will lead to a more responsible news agency over there. We in this country should only be so lucky.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
The Godfather of Soul, James Brown, has been arrested again.
This time Brown allegedly pushed his wife during an argument and was arrested by police in South Carolina.
Said Brown, “I love my wife and she loves me. I love everybody.”
I guess we all should be very careful.
By the way, James Brown is 70-years-old. His wife is 33. Which may, or may not be ridiculous -- but probably is.

