Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thank you for watching us tonight.
Another big win for the American Civil Liberties Union (search).  That is the subject of this evening's "talking points" memo.
The nation's most dangerous organization sued the city of San Diego for renting property to the Boy Scouts.  The ACLU said the Scouts discriminated against gays and atheists, therefore the city cannot do business with them.
Even before any ruling in this absurd situation was made, the San Diego City Council voted 6-2 to throw the Scouts out.  And they also agreed to give the ACLU a million bucks of taxpayer money.
The mayor of San Diego, Dick Murphy (search) is outraged and we all should be.  First of all, the Supreme Court has ruled the Scouts have a legal right to select  membership based upon the scouting charter.  So legally, the Scouts were in the right.  But even if you disagree with the Supreme Court ruling, there are practical considerations.
It would be impossible for the Boy Scouts (search) or any children's organization to admit avowed homosexuals because of the potential liability.  Say the Scouts put openly gay and straight kids together and some sexual activity occurred.  Well, parents could sue for millions, same way parents could sue if the Scouts put boys and girls together and underaged sex occurred.
As far as the atheist issue is concerned, the Scouts say no specific belief in God is necessary, only an acknowledgement of a higher power.  And that power could be nature.  Come on.  The whole discrimination thing is bogus.
What's really going on here is that the ACLU doesn't like the Boy Scouts  and wants that organization damaged.  And they've succeeded with the  cowardice of the San Diego City Council.
Now the ACLU is free to come to your town and sue the heck out of it.  And believe me, that organization will.  The ACLU doesn't care about the law or the constitution or what the people want.  It's a fascist organization that uses lawyers instead of Panzers.  It'll find a way to inflict financial damage on any concern that opposes its secular agenda and its growing in power.
Right now, there's only one legal organization set up to fight the ACLU, the Alliance Defense Fund based in Phoenix, Arizona.  Unless private citizens and  lawyers in every state organize to counter this agenda driven machine, you'll see more San Diegos.  This is just the beginning.
Once again, the Americans Civil Liberties Union is the most dangerous outfit in the USA today.  Its defense of the North American Mab Boy Love Association in Massachusetts is all you need to know.  If you want more detailed information on that, please read chapter five of "Who's Looking Out for You?"
Finally, this is not a Boy Scout issue for me.  While I respect the goals of that organization, its leadership is weak and cowardly.  It will not fight back.  No, this is a freedom issue.  And your freedom is in  jeopardy.  And that's the truth.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day."
"The Wall Street Journal" editorializes today that President Bush's illegal immigration plan is a good one, and the "Journal" says that most Americans would not support putting troops on the border to stop the flood.  But a scientific Fox News/Opinion Dynamics" poll says 79 percent of Americans do favor militarizing the border.  So what's up?
Our new billoreilly.com poll question is would you support using the military to back up the Border Patrol?  Yes or no.  Would you support using the military to back up the Border Patrol?  Not scientific, and we know how it's going to come out, but we want to know what the numbers are going to be, all right, because we think the "Journal" is wrong here.
And one other Internet heads-up: There's an interesting new site on www.frankenlies.com, if you're interested.  Just want you to know about it, which is not ridiculous at all.

