It’s a miracle: The Los Angeles Times agrees with me about Vice President Dick Cheney (search).
As you may know, some left-wingers are all upset that Mr. Cheney said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DICK CHENEY, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Absolutely essential that eight weeks from today on November 2, we make the right choice. Because if we make the wrong choice, then the danger is that we'll get hit again, that we'll be hit in a way that'll be devastating from the standpoint of the United States, and that we'll fall back into the pre-9/11 mindset, if you will, that in fact, these terrorists attacks are just criminal acts and that we're not really at war.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, Thursday The New York Times struck back and wrote an editorial entitled "A Disgraceful Campaign Speech." And Times columnist Maureen Dowd (search) in an article entitled "Cheney Spits Toads" wrote, "As the deaths of American men and women fighting in Iraq topped 1,000 and with insurgents controlling parts of central Iraq, the White House trotted out the same old discredited line, assuming it can wear — and scare — everyone down by November."
Well, here's a bulletin for Mrs. Dowd — who by the way is hawking a book, but won't appear on “The Factor,” she's invited — you should be scared, madam, very scared. Or did the events in Russia last week escape your attention? We're in the middle of World War III here, madam and Americans should vote for the candidates who they think will best protect the country. Therefore, it is perfectly legitimate for any candidate to tell you how dangerous the world is and promote their programs in the face of that danger.
Enter The Los Angeles Times, which agrees with me on this issue. And that is indeed a miracle. In an editorial entitled "In Defense of Dick Cheney," the newspaper says, "The war on terrorism is the central issue in the campaign and both parties' candidates have various points to make about it — that is what people really care about."
The Times goes on to say Cheney did nothing wrong except backing away from his comments. And I agree with that. The vice president should have held his ground.
The question is, why are "The New York Times" and other left wing writers so upset about Cheney's comments? The answer is the left-wing media understands that terrorism is President Bush's strongest issue and anything that can be done to diminish that issue is important to the left. Thus the outcry.
But let's give credit to The L.A. Times. It openly favors John Kerry, but it has been fair in this situation. Maybe they're starting to get “Factorized.” Probably not.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Well, it's all over in Los Angeles. They have taken the cross off the county seal and the goddess Pomona bites the dust as well. Three county commissioners did this. They refused to hold a vote on it with the folks. And now, a seal that was in play for almost 50 years has vanished.
This is democracy? No, it's not. This is ridiculous, and an abuse of power. The people in L.A. County should be outraged. You've got to do something about it. If you don't, these guys are going to keep doing this.

