Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly reporting this evening from Boston. Thanks for watching us.
The demise of the Democratic Party: that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
You know, sometimes I think I live in the twilight zone instead of the No Spin Zone. Rod Serling (search ) must be running the DNC because I've never seen a political movement so detached from reality.
Today, "New York Times" columnist Bob Herbert (search) put forth that many who voted for President Bush are simply dumb. Now that's going to persuade a lot of people to see it your way, isn't it Bob? Talk about dumb.
And then there's our pal, Michael Kinsley (search), who runs the editorial page at "The L.A. Times." You may remember that Kinsley has attacked me and others with whom he disagrees personally. He was the leading proponent of the O'Reilly faked his upbringing crowd. Remember that? Haven't heard from Mike since I produced the deed to my house in Levittown, New York.
Anyway, in a column yesterday, Kinsley put forth this amazing thesis. "We on my side of the great divide don't, for the most part, believe that our values are direct orders from God. We are if anything, crippled by reason and open-mindedness, by a desire to persuade rather than insist."
Yes, sure and I'm Teresa Heinz Kerry. Kinsley actually believes he's open-minded and misunderstood. He actually thinks his attack mode style leads to persuasion.
Well, when you think about it, it might have. Kinsley and other left wing bomb throwers persuaded millions of Americans to vote for Bush. Billoreilly.com poll attracted more than 70,000 Americans who answered this question, what motivated your presidential vote? 54 percent said terrorism, 33 percent said anti-Bush media, 7 percent said Iraq, 6 percent said the economy.
So Mike, baby, you are persuading, but in a way you never imagined. The truth is that the Democratic party has been hijacked by the far left and really can't persuade anyone anymore. Exit polls say 70 percent of those voting for John Kerry did so because they don't like Bush. Do the math. Kerry persuaded very few Americans to his side.
Finally, moderate Democrats like Evan Bayh (search) and Joseph Lieberman (search) continue to be overwhelmed by the Michael Moore/George Soros Hollywood-Left crowd. And that's not going to change because those people have the money.
So here's a prediction and you can take it to the bank. In 2008, the Democrats will run a Hillary and Bill co-presidency campaign. She'll get the nomination, but he'll be all over the place urging Americans to get back to the go-go '90's. Bill and Hill are what the Democrats have. Persuaded?
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Christmas is only six-and-a-half weeks away. Can you believe it? And because we are looking out for you, we want to make your holiday shopping experience fun and gratifying. So the billoreilly.com Christmas store is now open.
I know what you're thinking. This is blatantly exploitative, but that's wrong and ridiculous. Nobody has to go to the store. But, if you do, you'll find great stuff. All the proceeds I get go to charity, and, for our very best customers, an item of historical significance.
Remember the Bush interview? You may have noticed that I had written questions during that chat. I usually don't have those. Well, we will send you those questions signed by me if you patronize the store at a certain level.
Anyway, we hope you like this deal. It a good one. It's designed to maybe everybody's life easier. Good gear, good stuff, good books, and easier is never ridiculous. All right. Christmas store open on billoreilly.com .

