The University of Hawaii should be ashamed. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
The Ward Churchill controversy is not about free speech. It's about hate speech. The radical professor simply hates America and is being rewarded for that point of view by some major colleges.
The University of Hawaii gave Churchill an all expense paid trip to Oahu (search) to reiterate what he has said before, that America is working in the capitalistic system at the World Trade Center on 9/11 (search) were justifiable military targets.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
WARD CHURCHILL, UNIV. OF COLORADO PROFESSOR: You remember on that day a whole new word entered the language. It was innocent American. It's not two words, it's one. Innocent Americans. We're innocent by virtue of being Americans. Those who embrace a policy that has a history and a present reality like that cannot conceivably at the same time purport the innocence.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Just vile. Churchill went on to say that many killed in the World Trade Center and at the Pentagon were little Nazis, something he has said before.
But who is the real Nazi here? Hitler and his crew killed millions of civilians and justified it. Churchill believes American civilians are legitimate military targets. There's no question Churchill is echoing the Nazi philosophy.
Ward Churchill is not a danger to America. He's insignificant. But he is bringing pain to people who lost loved ones on 9/11. That's cruel. What is not insignificant is that the University of Hawaii embraced Churchill, provided him a vacation, and the audience gave him three standing ovations. While outside, just a few demonstrators spoke out against this misguided individual.
What is wrong at U.H..? This is disgraceful. That institution will never command my respect again. In addition to being a propagandist, Churchill is unrepentant about anything he has said.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CHURCHILL: Contrary to Bill O'Reilly for whom we may also thank for this evening, I did not justify, I did not advocate the events of 9/11. I considered the events of 9/11 natural and inevitable.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Natural? Murdering civilians is natural? And the University of Hawaii is paying this guy? And people are applauding and yucking it up?
Once again, this controversy is not about Churchill, who is desperate for attention. It's about major colleges in the USA legitimizing the man. Shame on the University of Hawaii. Shame on you.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "Most Ridiculous Item of the Day."
Out here in L.A., there are hundreds of celebrities and they all have one thing in common: They're in danger. Ruthless and/or crazy people target celebrities in this country every day, and most high-profile people have to hire bodyguards and lawyers to protect them from harm.
In Miami, tennis player Anna Kournikova (search) actually took one stalker to court whereupon the guy made Kournikova's case for her.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't believe this complaint reflects Ms. Kournikova's true wishes in the matter, but that she's making it under deference to her husband and his family. I think she should be counseled on the possibility of obtaining a confidential divorce without scrutiny from the media, and it's the media attention that prevents her from speaking freely about her unhappiness in her marriage.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Unbelievable. Ridiculous? Certainly. Dangerous? Off the chart. If you ever thought you wanted to be famous, consider the price. What are they going to do with this guy? They can't lock him up forever. He's out.

