Using doctors to hide sex crimes in illegal abortions: that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
In Kansas, there is an explosive situation. A doctor named George Tiller (search) performs hundreds of late term abortions every year. Pregnant women from all over the country go to Kansas to have this ultra-controversial operation performed by Tiller, who's one of the few American doctors comfortable with partial birth abortion (search).
Under Kansas law, it is illegal to perform an abortion after 22 weeks unless "continuation of the pregnancy will cause a substantial and irreversible impairment of a major bodily function of the pregnant woman."
Well, now Kansas Attorney General Phil Kline (search) wants to see the medical records of the women who submit to late-term abortions to check on the legality of the operations. Kline also wants medical records of girls under the age of 16 to see the circumstances of their pregnancies with an eye on statutory rape and other sex crimes.
Predictably, some pro-choice groups are fighting Kline's request in court, citing privacy rights. "Talking Points" realizes there are two sides to this story, but also knows that Dr. Tiller could very well be running a late term abortion mill in violation of the law. --That's possible.
But in order to prove that, authorities would have to know the condition of the women involved. And Tiller will not give that information up.
Also, there's no question that some underage pregnant Kansas girls are crime victims. And again, the authorities can't prosecute the crimes if they don't know who the victims are.
So what we have here is a possibility of the illegal destruction of viable babies and rape that goes unpunished. A.G. Kline believes he must protect the babies and the young girls. The privacy people believe they must protect confidentiality. What do you believe?
Now I think the court must allow Kline to investigate these matters under the strictest supervision. That is, no public exposition of any case without a written order by the state supreme court. That way, privacy will still be protected, but if somebody's killing a baby or raping a girl, that somebody will pay a huge price.
America simply cannot allow privacy to trump human life and crimes of rape. That can't happen here. And the courts must make a strong stand. Again, you can protect privacy and pursue justice at the same time. And justice must be done.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
Before we get to the ridiculous item, I want everybody to go to billoreilly.com, and read my brand new column "How Buster the Bunny May Have Brought Down the President of PBS." There'll be a quiz on Buster the Bunny on Monday, so you have got to go to billoreilly.com and check it out. Now, those of you watching in New York can get that column in "The New York Post." It also appears in "The Boston Herald," "The Chicago Sun-Times," "Florida Sun-Sentinel" and hundreds of other fine newspapers across the nation.
Now for the ridiculous item...
My predictions for the Academy Awards, as you know, I'm usually right, so if you're betting, you can write these down:
The best director will be Martin Scorsese, because he's never won. Best supporting actress, Virginia Madsen in "Sideways," because that was a good picture and it won't win anything else. Best supporting actor, Morgan Freeman in "Million Dollar Baby." That's definite. Best actress, Annette Bening (search) in "Being Julia." Best actor, no question, Jamie Foxx (search) in "Ray." And best picture of the year will be "Million Dollar Baby." There you go. If I'm wrong, it will be ridiculous. If I'm right, there will be gloating.

