Don't blame Newsweek (search). The Bush administration caused all those Muslim riots, so says the Los Angeles Times (search). That's the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
Well, most Americans are concerned about Newsweek's bogus stories on the abuse of the Koran. And Newsweek itself has admitted the error.
The always reliable L.A. Times has a unique take. "The United States has already been convicted in the court of world opinion for its treatment of its prisoners, and that's the [Bush] administration's fault, not Newsweek's. Shutting down Guantanamo (search) and giving suspected terrorists legal protections would help restore our reputation abroad. Crowing over Newsweek's mishap won't."
So let me get this straight. Newsweek isn't the issue for the L.A. Times. President Bush is. Because the American military incarcerates captured foreign jihadists and doesn't provide them with lawyers, we are the problem. This kind of editorial nonsense is now standard issue at the L.A. Times under left wing bomb thrower Michael Kinsley (search), who typifies what's going on in the elite media.
It sees the Bush administration's reaction to 9/11 (search) as the reason these Islamic fascists are going crazy. How loopy is that analysis? After 9/11, the USA found itself fighting a war against civilians. Jihadists who were no uniform, obeyed no rules of engagement, they killed civilians and hide among the population. How does the L.A. Times want to fight these people? By giving them lawyers.
The truth is there have been few abuses by the American military in this kind of a dirty war. Sure Abu Ghraib (search) was bad, but not nearly as bad as the elite media would have you believe.
Yes, some Gitmo interrogators have made mistakes, but not many in a period spanning four years. Nutty jihadists don't need a reason to hate the USA. They already do. And providing Osama with Mark Geragos (search) isn't going to change that.
As "Talking Points" said last night, some in the media magnify every mistake the military makes in order to hammer the Bush administration, and that's the real problem here. 53 front page Abu Ghraib stories by the New York Times (search) do indeed inflame the world, as did the bogus Newsweek Koran story.
So let's place the blame where it belongs, on news agencies that are blinded by ideology, and who make mistakes because of that blindness. How about we report what happens, put it into perspective and put the political fanaticism aside? Is that too much to ask? And that's "The Memo."

