The Senate slaps the ACLU. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo".
In the reporting of this story tomorrow, you will hear little about how the Senate has voted 98 to 0 to allow U.S. military bases to host Boy Scout (search) events. — That means even the most liberal senators in the country oppose the ACLU, which want the Boy Scouts banned from all federal property and has sued to make that happen.
This is a stunning rejection of the extremist group and a huge victory for fair play in America. The ACLU (search) has been trying to destroy the Boy Scouts ever since that organization decided to ban openly gay Scout leaders and require an allegiance to a higher power.
As a private organization, the Scouts have a perfect right to do that, as no one is forced to join. The ACLU contends that the Scouts are discriminatory, therefore have no place using any public facility for anything.
Now clear-thinking people know a vendetta when they see it. And that's exactly what this ACLU jihad against the Scouts is. So the U.S. Senate has made a statement. And we should all applaud that statement.
It's obvious the Boy Scouts help society and give children an opportunity to have fun and develop character. The greater good is served by helping the Scouts, even if you don't subscribe to their philosophy.
When people like Ted Kennedy (search) and Barbara Boxer (search) vote against the ACLU, you know that organization has gone mental. Only extremists, like columnist Molly Ivins (search), continue to support the dangerous group.
In a recent column, Ivins wrote, "I know that sludge for brains like Bill O'Reilly attack the ACLU for being 'un-American,' but when Bill O'Reilly's constitutional rights are violated, the ACLU will stand up for him."
Well, Ms. Ivins must be very proud of the "sludge for brains" line. That indicates a very deep thinker, and once again illustrates the immaturity of the far left.
You have an open invitation, madam, to debate me about the ACLU. You shouldn't have any trouble defeating a moron like me. We await your call.
Summing up, "Talking Points" feels very good about the Senate helping out the Boy Scouts and unanimously rejecting the ACLU. Things may be turning around.
And that's “The Memo.”
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
In the summertime we all have houseguests of the insect kind. And this family didn't much think much of some bees living in the attic, until honey started dripping from the ceiling. Well, the bee people were called in and smoked out more than 200,000 bees who were not paying rent.
The bees left unwillingly and now will be reassembled into four colonies, the bee people tell us.
My question is, who gets to count the bees? And how do you know which ones you counted? —They all look the same. Put a little number on them? What? Could be ridiculous. That's the way my mind works.

