More trouble on the left, that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo".
One major casualty in the war on terror is the liberal press in the USA. Don't believe the right-wing ideologues when they tell you the left still controls the media agenda. It does not any longer. It's a fact.
As we predicted, Michael Kinsley (search) has been removed as editorial director of the L.A. Times (search) just days after the editor of that paper stepped down. As you may know, the circulation of the very liberal Times is falling fast.
The liberal stronghold PBS has been shaken up big time. Bill Moyers (search) is gone. And the new management is Republican. Many on the left are crazed over that.
The Air America (search) radio network continues to fail with catastrophic ratings here in New York City, perhaps the most liberal market in the country. The circulations of long time liberal newspapers like the Boston Globe (search) and Newsday are falling. And there is not one successful standalone liberal commentator on cable television, not one.
Phil Donahue (search) was fired for low ratings at MSNBC, but was actually much more successful than what they put in his place.
Meantime, the FOX News Channel continues to prosper. "The Factor" has been the top-rated cable news program for 195 weeks straight.
So why is the liberal media in retreat? Well, the answer is that most Americans are not ideologues. They're just everyday folks who want protection from people who would kill us. They want information about the border, about al Qaeda (search), about what the government is doing to defeat the enemy. Most Americans do not want to hear the USA is the bad guy in the war on terror, which some liberal media are pedaling. They do not feel the mistakes at Abu Ghraib (search) and Guantanamo Bay define this country. They do not believe the ACLU (search) is looking out for them.
Media and politicians who continue to run down the USA for ideological reasons will continue to be punished in the marketplace. "Talking Points" applauds dissent, but it must be done for the good of the country, not to disparage it.
Finally, anyone who watches "The Factor" knows we scrutinize all sides. We have heavily criticized the Bush administration for its weak border policies and its terrible energy strategy. "Talking Points" will also hold Mr. Bush accountable for Iraq. He got us into that conflict. Now he must do everything he can to win it. To lose in Iraq is simply unacceptable and would put all of us in even more danger.
But we want the USA to win. And that separates us from some far left elements. We believe the USA remains a noble country, fighting a very vicious enemy. We've made our stand on that belief. And the results speak for themselves. And that's “The Memo.”
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
And time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day."
As you know, violent crime is dropping throughout much of America, but it would drop even further if authorities would get the gang situation under control.
In Fort Worth, Texas, rival gangs staged a wild-west-type shoot-out at a gas station. This is a guy with an automatic weapon. Two gangsters were wounded as well as two innocent bystanders. This kind of scene should never happen in the USA. Should never happen.
Gang members are subjected to mandatory federal penalties as well as state charges.
There is no excuse to be in a violent gang. And anyone who joins should be isolated in prison for many years. Just has to stop. To do so — to not do so, I should say, would be ridiculous.

