Harriet Miers and anti-Christian bias: that is the subjection of this evening's "Talking Points Memo".
First of all, I don't know anything about Ms. Miers. I don't know if she's qualified to be on the Supreme Court or not. And unfortunately, I don't think we're going to learn very much throughout the Senate hearings process.
The game is the nominees refuse to define themselves. And in this dangerous era of dishonest partisanship, it's hard to blame them.
"Talking Points" was not surprised this morning when Ms. Miers was roundly criticized by syndicated columnist Molly Ivans (search), and New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd (search). Both women are liberal advocates who worship at the altar of Roe vs. Wade. That is they define an American's worthiness on how that American sees abortion.
We don't know how Harriet Miers sees abortion. All we know is that she's a member of an evangelical Christian church. That's enough to disqualify her in the eyes of Ivans and Dowd.
So let's get this straight. If you belong to conservative Christian church, these women believe you have no right to serve your country in a decisionmaking capacity. I mean, how crazy is that?
About 50 percent of the country's pro life. Are you telling me these people are disqualified from public service in America? I don't even think they know it, but Ivans and Dowd are espousing an anti-Christian bias and they're not the only ones.
There are a number of politicians who simply disqualify anyone from appointed positions if they oppose abortion. And again, we don't even know what Miers thinks about the controversial issue.
"Talking Points" believes anti-Christian bias in this country is off the chart. It is being led by a progressive secular media, which is fanatically against any opposition to abortion. And that includes partial- birth and parental notification.
If you go into the newsrooms of the major television networks and the major urban newspapers, like The New York Times, you'll find the vast majority of people there simply will not even consider pro-life arguments. They define the issue as Maureen Dowd does. If you're a pro-Life, you are against women's rights.
Again, this is dangerous. This is demonizing half the country as bigots. This is wrong.
In the end, Harriet Miers will be voted onto the Supreme Court, there's no doubt in my mind. But between now and that confirmation vote, I want you all to notice the anti-Christian stuff the media will be putting out there. Keep a record of it. You'll be busy.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
We've been talking about leadership a lot here on “The Factor”, and a new FOX News Opinion Dynamics poll asked Americans who they think are strong leaders.
Here's the list:
Rudy Giuliani topped out at 65 percent; John McCain: 56; Condoleezza Rice: 55; George Bush: 51; Hillary Clinton: 51. -- Good showing for the Senator. John Kerry: 35; and Al Gore: 27.
Ironically, yesterday we put up a billoreilly.com poll question on the same subject before we knew it was going to -- that was going to come out today, asking are you happy with President Bush's leadership? Let me repeat the poll question: are you happy with President Bush's leadership? Yes or no? Vote at billoreilly.com. We'll give you the results on Monday.
Ridiculous? Come on. Our polls are never ridiculous. It will be interesting to see how it comes down.

