Professor Ward Churchill is a traitor, in my estimation: that's the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo".
The radical University of Colorado professor continues to speak around the country, getting paid for telling people that the civilians in the World Trade Center on 9/11 were legitimate military targets for Al Qaeda.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
WARD CHURCHILL, PROFESSOR, UNIV. OF COLORADO: Well, you know now, the Central Intelligence Agency had located facilities in the World Trade Center. The Defense Department had located facilities in the World Trade Center. There were other entities that could be considered part of command and control infrastructure that had been deliberately situated by the government of the United States in the towers.
By U.S. rules, which I absolutely object to, by U.S. rules, that made them legitimate targets.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now Churchill's viewpoint is just hateful. He believes the USA is an evil country and terrorists are justified in attacking civilians. Again, in my view, Churchill's simply a traitor, a disgrace to the University of Colorado, a man to be scorned.
All Americans have an obligation to this country. Dissent is necessary. Loyal opposition of policies you feel are wrong is commendable. And you're not required to participate in any civic activity except pay taxes.
But justifying terrorist attacks on your fellow countrymen? If you do that, you're a traitor. And Churchill's doing it. Even Jane Fonda (search) didn't go that far. And I believe what she did during the Vietnam War was treasonous. Ms. Fonda gave comfort to the enemy and made life more difficult for American POWs and for American soldiers in the field. She also failed to condemn the staggering human rights violations in Vietnam and Cambodia after the U.S. pulled out of Southeast Asia.
But even Fonda didn't justify the murder of U.S. civilians as Churchill is doing. There's nothing more I can do regarding this guy Churchill. The man has defined himself and there's no doubt about where he stands. Now it's up to the University of Colorado to deal with him.
Clear-thinking Americans have already rejected Churchill's hatred. And no person should confront the man in any way. Shun him. Don't insult the freedom Americans have died for by doing anything else.
This story is not about Churchill anymore. It's about the people who enable him. What say you, University of Colorado?
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
An update on “The Factor's" boycott of France. According to an article in today's Wall Street Journal, French wine sales in the USA have dropped 21 percent over the last two years. “The Factor” has been boycotting French products during that time, and, although we can't prove it, we believe we are a "factor" in the wine sales drop. --Pardon the terrible pun.
You may also remember that some of those ridiculous far-Left Web sites took issue with our boycott information. As usual, we were right, and they were wrong.
Finally, "Boycott France" bumper stickers are available on billoreilly.com. Sales are way up, unlike French wine.

