Recall Atlanta District Attorney Paul Howard (search): that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
You may remember we investigated Howard because he allowed a woman who killed her baby to avoid jail time. The case of little Destiny Ashe was outrageous, and we have found hundreds of other problematic situations. More on that later.
But the mass murder committed by Brian Nichols (search) can also be laid partially at Howard's doorstep since he oversees justice in Fulton County (search).
Item: When asked if it was wise to assign a 51-year-old female deputy to guard Nichols alone, Howard said it was fine, even though Nichols was found with knives two days before he went on his shooting spree.
Item: Today, when Nichols appeared in court, 19 deputies were guarding him.
Item: Even though Nichols murdered four law officers, Howard has not yet decided whether to seek the death penalty.
What?! Can you believe this guy? An accused rapist guns down four people, and you don't seek the maximum sentence? What the deuce is going on?
There's no question the criminal-justice system is out of control in Atlanta, which, according to the FBI, is among the most dangerous cities in the country.
The Southeastern Legal Foundation (search) has instituted a recall petition that could remove Howard from office. Eligible voters in Fulton County, Georgia, can check out the petition -- and we urge you to do this at southeasternlegal.org. [Again, that's] southeasternlegal.org.
Now, at this point, Paul Howard and his politically correct office present a clear and present danger to public safety in and around Atlanta. Something has to be done.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
Just a month before taxes are due, word comes down that the City of Newark, New Jersey, used federal tax dollars designed for homeland security --that's where they got the money --to buy 10 new garbage trucks.
The air-conditioned vehicles cost $175,000 each and will make the terrorist cower in fear, I guess. Whew! Those garbage trucks are coming.
Homeland Security spokesman Mark Short said the money should not have been spent to buy garbage trucks, but he did not say it was ridiculous. So we will. It's ridiculous! And also dishonest.
This kind of stuff happens all the time with our tax dollars because the feds don't do anything about it, OK? If they put the guy in jail who bought the garbage trucks, it would stop.

