The "Talking Points Memo" this evening is about Supreme Court nominee John Roberts (search). Looks like solid guy to me. Smart, good citizen, knows the Constitution. I expect him to be confirmed by the end of the year.
But not before the pro-abortion senators work him over a bit, playing to the "reproductive rights crowd." Once again, the left wing print press was in lock step today nearly identical wording in editorials about the judge's stand on abortion appeared in The New York Times, The San Francisco Chronicle, The Washington Post, USA Today", among others.
Now if you don't think there's a group think among the liberal print press, you're living in the land of Oz. For the record, Judge Roberts has stated he would have no problem upholding Roe vs. Wade (search), but that will not be enough for the abortion crowd. Because terminating a pregnancy is such a huge moral issue, those who support it without restriction will never accept anything short of complete agreement with their position. They want acceptance, because deep down, advocating the destruction of a fetus is troubling to anyone with a conscious. So they need affirmation.
Abortion, as you know, has been politicized in this country, rather than being defined as a human rights issue. Human DNA is present at conception. And the life of a mother is obviously a human right, so both sides have legitimate points.
Where things get crazy is in the abortion on demand, no matter what arena, where some judges and legislators have decided the fetus is not human, has no soul, and no rights. Now that's quite a pronouncement for a person to make.
Unfortunately for pro-lifers, the Constitution clearly states that you have to be born in the USA or a nationalized citizen to be protected by our Bill of Rights. Obviously, born is a key word in all this.
But laws can be made to protect the unborn. However, the Supreme Court would have to uphold those laws.
Now Judge John Roberts is a reasonable man, who most likely understands he will be attacked by the abortion lobby. But in the end, the bluster will not amount to much. Roberts will be confirmed.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
The New York City ratings are in for the "Radio Factor" heard on WOR (search). And we are up 44 percent in a key demographic, year-to-year, thanks to all of you who listen to us.
And by the way, our pal Stuart Smalley on Air America tanked badly in New York City, down 42 percent in the key demo, which is a catastrophe in the nation's largest market.
Because this is a no gloating zone, we will comment no further, except to say it is never ridiculous when the good guys win.

