

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: "Personal Story" segment tonight, parents, kids, and the diversity agenda. In Lexington, Massachusetts, a 6-year-old kindergarten student brought home a book called "Who's in a Family", which portrays same-sex parents as morally equivalent to traditional parents.
The boy's father, David Parker, objected to the book and sought a meeting with the school principal, Joni Jay. The two could not come to an agreement on the book. And after the third discussion, Mr. Parker was arrested when he refused to leave the school. He's charged with trespassing.
Joining us now from Boston is David Parker and his adviser, Brian Camenker, who wrote an interesting law in Massachusetts. We'll get to it in a moment.
Now Mr. Parker, the police tell us that your arrest was basically a protest, that you were polite to them. They asked you to leave, the police did. You refused. And then they took you into custody, charged with trespassing.
So was it a protest, sir?
DAVID PARKER, ARRESTED AT SON'S SCHOOL: I had gone in there asking for parental notification when they brought up transgender and same-sex issues to my son. In Esterbrook Elementary School (search), when adults within the school are going to partake in those discussions, that's what I had gone asking for.
O'REILLY: All right. So you asked for — you wanted the school to call you whenever there was any discussion about alternate sexuality, correct?
PARKER: Correct, notify us, and we would have the option to opt out of those issues.
O'REILLY: All right. But they said to you, and please correct me if I'm wrong, this isn't about sexuality. This is a book about acceptance.
PARKER: That is what they claim. My point of view is different. When this is exposed to young children, it tries to create an acceptance of that type of union. It's an implicit lesson, but eventually the children grow up understanding that sexual intimacy is part of these unions.
O'REILLY: OK. But they don't — at 6, they don't understand that. What the school is trying to get across is that you shouldn't be mean to anybody because they're different than you.
PARKER: Oh, and I agree with that very much. I don't accept bullying of children from those families. I think it should be dealt with rather severely.
O'REILLY: OK. But it seems to me if the principal were reasonable, they would have acceded to your wishes and called you if there were any discussion of a nontraditional situation.
Now, in this situation, Mr. Camenker, I mean, I don't know if there are any bad guys. You know, I just don't know. I mean, the school, as I said, I think has good intentions here, but I think that Mr. Parker's rights should be respected. Do you see it that way?
BRIAN CAMENKER, ADVISER TO DAVID PARKER: No, I don't see it that way at all. I wrote the parental notification law in Massachusetts, and they are clearly — basically, they're — they're disobeying it. They are changing the meaning of the English language.
And this has happened very aggressively and militantly since the gay marriage ruling in Massachusetts, where they have basically said — and they said this publicly, that you may not disagree. You may not get in the middle of this.
O'REILLY: Who's they? Who's they?
CAMENKER: The school officials. I mean, this is — you know, if you look at the e-mails and you have that posted on our web site, Article8.org, the school says this is where we are going, and you really don't have the right to opt out.
O'REILLY: All right. Is it sexually based or is it, you know, just accept everybody, accept every situation?
CAMENKER: Well, homosexual relationships are, by their nature, sexual. The, you know, the movement is trying to say no, it's not. But you know, there's a big elephant in the middle of the room here, and we're not recognizing it.
O'REILLY: All right. I got you. I mean I know what you're saying. I know what you're saying.
Mr. Parker, did your son — did your son say anything to you about this? Was he upset about it anything? He's 6.
PARKER: Well, when the book came into our home, he saw our reaction, and he knew there was something wrong. And it ended up, we preempted — we had to have a conversation with him. But it forced the timing and manner in which I was going to introduce this subject.
O'REILLY: All right.
PARKER: Not that I was going to avoid it forever.
O'REILLY: Right.
PARKER: I don't want the school to determine the timing and manner when this stuff is brought up. I want him to play on the swing set and make mud pies. I don't want him thinking about same-sex unions in kindergarten.
O'REILLY: I can't argue with it. I don't want my 6-year-old thinking about it either. I can't argue with it.
Gentlemen, thank you very much. We appreciate it.


