The left versus the right in the Schiavo war, that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
One of the most committed progressive secular writers in the country is Paul Krugman, a columnist for "The New York Times." Krugman is almost fanatical in his dislike for President Bush and conservatives in general.
Today, Krugman writes about the threat that religious Americans pose to the country, demonstrated by the Schiavo controversy. Krugman says, "Nobody wants to talk about the threat posed by those whose beliefs include contempt for democracy itself, but it's also true the United States, where dangerous extremists belong to the majority religion and the majority ethnic group, and wield great political influence."
Krugman, of course, is referring to white Christians. And for a guy like him to complain about extremism is like Eminem (search) complaining about obscene rap lyrics.
Now to be fair to Krugman, which is difficult, because he's such an unfair guy himself, some far-right Christians have behaved badly throughout the Schiavo case. Telling people they will "rot in hell" doesn't exactly help Ms. Schiavo or her family. It just gives guys like Krugman an opportunity to say things like this: "One thing that's going on is a climate of fear for those who try to enforce laws that religious extremists oppose...George Greer, the judge in the Schiavo case, needs armed bodyguards."
Well, that's true. And I need armed bodyguards as well, because of guys like Krugman who defame people routinely with whom they disagree.
So let's tell the truth, shall we, Paul? Fanaticism exists on both sides. And the far left thumbs its nose at the law, just as the far-right does. Got it, pal?
Krugman wraps up his frenzied column by saying, "What we need — and what we aren't seeing — is a firm stand by moderates against religious extremism."
And what exactly is that extremism, Paul? A belief that abortion is wrong? That the state has a responsibility to make sure a person isn't killed unnecessarily? That marriage between a man and a woman remains the law of the land? Is all that religious extremism? How about saying Merry Christmas?
Krugman and his vicious far-right pack — far-left pack I should say— want to control the USA by diminishing their opposition allowing judges to make rather than interpret the law.
In the Schiavo case, it just so happens that Judge Greer was correct, in my opinion. And the feds agree, but you can disagree and we will respect that. Krugman should as well.
Americans who believe Terri Schiavo has a right to live shouldn't be attacked by anyone, period. This is a very complex and difficult matter. All views should be respected.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
No "Most Ridiculous Item" on Tuesday, March 29.

