

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In "The Factor Follow-Up" segment tonight, we have been investigating child killer Charles Jaynes (search), convicted of kidnapping, raping, and murdering 10-year-old Jeffrey Curley (search) in 1997. Jaynes says he was influenced by the North American Man-Boy Love Association. (search) Currently, he is serving life in prison at the Massachusetts correctional institution in Concord.
"The Factor" has been told that Jaynes is running wild inside that prison. Joining us now from Boston is Steve Kenneway, the president of the Massachusetts Correction Officers Federated Union. (search) We asked Corrections Commissioner Kathleen Dennehy to appear this evening. She declined, but she issued a one-sentence statement that I'll tell you about in a minute.
Now a couple weeks ago, the lawyer for the Curley family, suing NAMBLA in civil court, told us shockingly that this Jaynes worked in a prison library, was having sex in the bathrooms with other inmates, was bragging about his grisly crimes and killings, 10-year old boy. And we said we're going to find out if that's true or not. And that's what we're asking you, sir. Is it true?
STEVE KENNEWAY, MASSACHUSETTS CORRECTION OFFICERS FEDERATED UNION: A lot of that story is true, Mr. O'Reilly. And the problem that we've had in that facility is that officers have been basically accused of helping out Mr. Jaynes or allowing some of these things to take place. And I'll tell you this, that is flatly a lie.
O'REILLY: What is happening? What is this guy doing inside the prison?
KENNEWAY: Well, what he's doing inside the prison — he and other inmates in the special housing unit at MCI-Concord and another housing unit that we have at SBBC. These inmates basically have the administration on the run. Charles Jaynes himself has received 11 disciplinary reports from the corrections staff who work in that facility since he's been incarcerated, but he has yet to serve any sanctions for those disciplinary reports and no one can tell me why.
O'REILLY: What are the disciplinary reports about? What is he doing?
KENNEWAY: Well, at least one of the disciplinary reports was about him having sex with another inmate, which he did admit to. He did receive a five-day sanction for that, but he never served it. And he also received a 90-day loss of canteen privileges for that. And that was suspended.
There are multiple incidents in that facility, in that block, that go unreported, or once they are reported, are buried by the administration.
O'REILLY: Now, what is the essential problem of allowing Jaynes to do all this stuff? And his rap sheet inside prison is pretty explicit here. I can't even tell the folks what he's doing, this guy is such a pervert. I mean, I'd gross everybody out. But I mean, why is he allowed to get away with it? Can the warden do anything about it?
KENNEWAY: Well, the issue is he's not allowed to get away with it. And when the corrections officers actually find him doing this, they report it. What happens after the reporting procedure is done, there should be some hearings, there should be some sanctions, but nothing is taking place.
O'REILLY: But what's the problem? You ought to know why...
KENNEWAY: The problem is the administration. The problem is that the administration's afraid to take action against these inmates.
O'REILLY: Why?
KENNEWAY: You take an inmate like Jaynes. Well, he's in protective custody. What can they do with him? They refuse to put him back out into population because officers like myself were used to transport this inmate, escort this inmate through the population to keep him from getting killed.
Because if you put him in the population...
O'REILLY: But it seems like they could put him in solitary confinement, and they could cut his canteen, they could, you know, alter his diet and really punish him in that way. Certainly, this man shouldn't be allowed to have sex with other inmates in the library.
KENNEWAY: I agree with you wholeheartedly.
O'REILLY: It's outrageous. Now, Kathleen Dennehy, who runs the corrections in Massachusetts, issued this statement. Quote, "The institution did look into the charges and the indications are" — that's an interesting phrase, "indications are" — "that these allegations are completely false."
Do you want to respond to Ms. Dennehy?
KENNEWAY: Yes, I'd love to respond. I don't know how Ms. Dennehy can actually say that the allegations are false when at least 11 reports have been written about this inmate's activities. I have got officers in this department who have reported to me incidents that have taken place within that unit, not just about Charles Jaynes but other inmates just like him.
O'REILLY: Well, what's the matter with Dennehy? What's her problem?
KENNEWAY: I'll tell you — well, one of the main problems is she doesn't understand the impact of doing nothing. She was never a correction officer, so she doesn't understand that if you allow this inmate to take these roles and be this outrageous, that other inmates are also going to do the same type of behavior.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: So you're saying she is a weak leader?
KENNEWAY: She is a very weak leader. In fact, you know, an indication of that is just how many people are leaving this department in droves in the past year. We're going to cross probably well over 300 correction officers leaving the department, our most senior, most respected and most, you know, go-to guys are leaving this department. Our most experienced officers are leaving because they don't want to work for her.
O'REILLY: OK. Keep us posted on this, Mr. Kenneway.
KENNEWAY: I will.
O'REILLY: Thanks very much.


