Fighting to lose the War on Terror: that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo". Secretary of State Rice was given a hard time by some Europeans because the CIA has used countries like Poland and Romania to house captured Al Qaeda terrorists. Apparently many people don't like that or much of anything else done to neutralize deadly terrorists.
Europe will never learn. For eight years, they stood by as Adolf Hitler rose to power on a platform of brutality and hatred. Europe did nothing to stop the Third Reich. And many over there actually embraced the savages. So Americans and British finally had to bail them out.
Likewise, when the Soviet Union enslaved millions of Europeans, we had to bail them out again. So it's no surprise that many Europeans, especially the media over there, are soft on Al Qaeda. These people will never learn.
Back here, the far left is just as bad. Here's how they want to fight terrorism. Give captured terrorists Geneva Convention protection, so they don't have to say anything and can be treated like soldiers. Give captured foreign terrorists American lawyers and try them in civilian courts.
By the way, the Sami Al-Arian trial took almost three years. So you can imagine the chaos.
Don't use coerce interrogation methods on captured terrorists, no, even if they know about impending attacks that will kill innocent people. And don't you dare use foreign nations to incarcerate captured terrorists. Don't use Guantanamo Bay either.
Essentially the far left wants every captured terrorist to have the same rights all Americans have, even if these people are captured killing people in foreign countries.
No country can win a war like that. Thus Al Qaeda will likely get another chance to slaughter thousands of Americans. And when that happens, you'll see a horrific backlash against the far left and their enablers in the mainstream media, but not until then.
There are even Americans who are happy Sami Al-Arian was acquitted. The former Florida college professor said publicly America should be damned to hell and there should be death to Israel. Nice.
Yet journalist Eric Boehlert, who works for the ultra-left Rolling Stone magazine says, "Al-Arian's case never had anything to do with Bin Laden or Saddam, but Bush's Justice Department, which indicted Al-Arian just one month before the invasion of Iraq..." Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
So according to that loon, and he is a loon, Al-Arian is not the problem, the Bush administration is. All Americans should reject people like Boehlert. And there are legions of them. These people are simply dangerous.
Al-Arian was found not guilty, so be it. Still has nine serious charges against him. And there's no question the guy sympathizes with terrorists, but so do some Americans.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
As you may have heard, the Los Angeles Times is reorganizing, eliminating some of the far left elements that have caused the paper a lot of trouble. Left-wing bomb throwing columnist Robert Scheer was recently fired. We wanted to talk to him, but he's too shy.
However, he does have a major supporter. In a letter to the L.A. Times, Barbra Streisand says she's canceling her subscription, because she misses Mr. Scheer so much.
Well, Barbra, I feel your pain. And I have a suggestion. Why don't you hire Scheer to write on your political Web site? You can pay him even more than the L.A. Times was paying him. Why don't you, Ms. Streisand, put your money where your mouth is? To not do so would be — everybody — ridiculous.
Copyright © 2005 Imaginova Corp. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

