Senator Barbara Boxer and the War on Terror. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
First of all, I'm not coming at this from an ideological point of view. There are some great liberal thinkers in America who recognize the grave danger worldwide terror is posing, but enough is enough with this Barbara Boxer (search), a far left partisan who has crossed the line into destructive politics.
Let's see. Faced with savage terrorists bent on killing Americans, Senator Boxer wants to modify the Patriot Act is against coerced interrogation of illegal combatants, against the war in Iraq, against funding the action in Afghanistan, and opposes just about every other anti- terror measure currently in the U.S. arsenal.
In fact, the only attack Boxer seems to favor is on the party in power.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. BARBARA BOXER (D), CALIFORNIA: The fact is that the reconstituting were based on the yellow cake and the aluminum tubes, both of which proved to be false. And when I asked you about aluminum tubes...
CONDOLEEZZA RICE, NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: And balancing equipment, and the accounts out of which these came, and his keeping nuclear scientists together. Let's have the entire picture.
BOXER: OK. And I think if you ask the average American, you know, was Saddam worth one life, one American life, they'd say no, he's the bottom of the barrel. And the fact is we've lost so many lives over it.
RICE: I probably, more than most, because I did have a role in the president's decision to go to war, mourn every day the people that are lost.
It was the total picture, senator, not just weapons of mass destruction that caused us to decide that post September 11, it was finally time to deal with the threat of Saddam Hussein.
BOXER: Well you should read what we voted on when we voted to support the war, which I did not but most of my colleagues did. It was WMD, period.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now there's nothing wrong with grilling Condoleezza Rice about policy, but implying Dr. Rice is not sympathetic to the troops is way over the line.
"Talking Points" analyzed Boxer's record since 9/11. And the senator has been active. She authored the Airport Security Bill, the one that shakes down grandma before she gets on the plane. She proposed all American jetliners install anti-missile systems. That got nowhere. And she sponsored a bill demanding that Syria stop funding terrorism. Since that passed, Syria has stepped up its terrorist activities. What say you, Senator Boxer?
The truth is that Boxer has no solutions to the War on Terror. And please allow me to pose this question. Is there anyone watching me right now, anyone, who would want Barbara Boxer calling the shots in the war on terror? No sane person would, which automatically disqualifies Ms. Boxer from being taken seriously.
Again, it's imperative that Condoleezza Rice and all those who seek power in the USA be held accountable and closely questioned. We have to do this, but Boxer wanted to embarrass Rice. And Boxer brings nothing to the terror table herself.
So in the end, the senator wound up embarrassing herself.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
O.J. Simpson's daughter has been arrested in Miami. Nineteen-year-old Sydney Simpson (search) is charged with resisting arrest and disorderly conduct after police say she yelled obscenities to them after a fight outside a high school basketball game. Ms. Simpson graduated from Ramson Everglades High (search) where the fight took place.
You see her now in the infamous trial situation.
Now there are reports she's a freshman at Boston College (search). We haven't been able to confirm reports. And I — I just feel sorry for this young woman. She lost her mother in a terrible way. She's obviously very angry. Another karma situation for her father.
Ridiculous? Of course. But very sad.

