Shouting down President Bush, that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
A group called The World Can't Wait is urging Americans to disrupt President Bush's State of the Union address next month. In a full page in The New York Times today, the group says, "Just as Bush starts to speak, everywhere we BRING THE NOISE. In a cacophony of sound we will drown out his address."
Very nice. This coming on the heels of Hillary Clinton being shouted down in Chicago and Ann Coulter receiving the same treatment at the University of Connecticut. Both women assaulted by far left radicals.
The World Can't Wait group was founded in part by the Revolutionary Communist Party, if you can believe it. People who are actually rooting for the USA to lose its place of prominence in the world. They think this is an evil country.
The ad goes on to say, "People look at [the Bush administration's policies] and think of Hitler - and they are right to do so. The Bush regime is setting out to radically remake society very quickly, in a fascist way, and for generations to come."
Now that kind of extremism is just stupid. But the Third Reich allusions are interesting, because early in Hitler's rise to power, Nazi brown shirts did the same thing that World Can't Way and other radical extremists are doing now, disrupting speeches, denying opposing points of view.
The usual suspects sign the ad. People like Jane Fonda, Martin Sheen, Ed Asner, Ed Begley, Jr., Cindy Sheehan and, of course, Ward Churchill. What a line-up for the far left Olympics!
Ironically, it is the far left which is actually helping the Bush administration. Every time things get dicey for the White House, these loons step up and remind everybody that no matter how many mistakes the administration makes, there are far worse people lurking in the bushes, no pun intended.
"Talking Points" respects honestly held views, including those held by Communists, socialists, and other radicals. This is America. They have a right to believe what they want to believe. They don't have the right to infringe on the rights of others by trying to stop them from speaking. And they don't have the right to spread malicious propaganda unchallenged.
The New York Times should have rejected the ad as soon as the group compared the administration to Hitler. That's hate speech, not rational discourse.
The World Can't Wait is entitled to its opinion, but media organizations are also entitled to set standards for advertising. FOX News would not have run the ad.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Here are the results of our billoreilly.com poll question, which asks, "Would it be smart for CBS to hire Katie Couric as the anchor of the evening news?" Seventy-seven percent said no. Twenty-three percent would like to see her at CBS.
Also, as I predicted, the varsity jackets are sold out in the billoreilly.com Christmas/holiday store. And everything else is currently in stock, but things are moving fast. Christmas less than two weeks away.
If you don't have a computer, by the way, 1-877 — the number four — ALL-GIFTS, 1-877 — number four — ALL-GIFTS.
And by the way, I'm getting some jabs on the Bill O'Reilly jigsaw puzzle. And I have to tell you, I cannot justify this. And you know me, I can justify pretty much everything on billoreilly.com. This I can't justify. Apparently, there some no spin elves got completely out of control, and that's how the produce reached the marketplace. Again, my deepest apologies. Even Santa is appalled, and that, of course, is ridiculous.
O'Reilly jigsaw puzzle. Not my fault.
Copyright © 2005 Imaginova Corp. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

