The saga of Cindy Sheehan (search) deepens: that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
As you may know, Ms. Sheehan told us she would appear on “The Factor” this evening, but she backed out a few hours ago, saying I lied about her. Since our reportage about Ms. Sheehan has been supported by multiple facts, we asked the people who are running her exactly what those facts were. We're still awaiting an answer.
There's no question that far left ideologues are controlling access to Cindy Sheehan, who you may remember is camped outside of the president's house in Crawford, Texas, wanting to meet with him.
Sheehan is also using Michael Moore's Web site to get her anti-Bush message out. Well, now we continue to support her right to say whatever she wants to say. After all, she did lose a son in Iraq. But certainly it is our responsibility to tell you exactly who Cindy Sheehan's associating with.
But other media don't see it that way. In her column today, New York Times pundit Maureen Dowd glorified Mrs. Sheehan, but made no mention of Mr. Moore or other radicals involved with her.
The Baltimore Sun also praised Ms. Sheehan and chastised President Bush. "A small first step — but only a first step — would be to sit down with Mrs. Sheehan and listen to her, really listen...Take time to talk with her. Have the courtesy."
Well, there's one problem with that editorial. President Bush has already met with Cindy Sheehan and her husband, Pat. He took the time, he had the courtesy. But somehow The Baltimore Sun editorial neglected to mention that fact. Can you believe it? Sure you can. The Sun is an anti-Bush paper.
And Cindy Sheehan is now an anti-Bush woman. So why would he meet with her again? If you were Mr. Bush, would you sit down with someone blogging on the Michael Moore Web site? Come on.
Once again, "Talking Points" respects Cindy Sheehan's right to dissent from the Iraq War and not like Mr. Bush. But let's tell the entire story here.
The whole thing's ironic, since just last week, “The Factor” told you that things in Iraq are not going well. Our military analysts, Colonels Hunt and Cowan talked to commanders in the field and reported back that security is still dicey and corruption is growing.
Most accepted the information we put forth, but some objected to it, saying any negative reporting on Iraq undermines the effort there. I disagree with that.
In order to win the war, we need to know the truth about it. This is a performance issue, not an ideological one.
Both liberal and conservative Americans need to stop putting ideology above the truth. To cut and run in Iraq would be a disaster for the USA. It'd be a tremendous victory for the terrorists.
To accept chaos and corruption in Iraq would also mean failure. Once again, Americans need to come together and demand we win this conflict for the good of all of us.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
As you may know, “The Factor" is on a campaign to get all 50 states to crack down on violent child sexual offenders and pass Jessica's Law. So far, we spotlighted Oregon, New York and Wyoming as being states not tough enough against sexual predators.
Jessica's favorite color was purple, so the ones — the states that are in purple are doing something to toughen up.
The states in gray, we don't know yet. We're investigating them. The states in yellow, again, Oregon, Wyoming and New York, are not cooperating in this effort.
Now, "Factor" viewer Mary Nancy Gross, who lives in Cheyenne, Wyoming, alerts us that Governor Dave Freudenthal (search) out there has said some very unkind things about this program, and me, in response to our campaign.
Of course, that's ridiculous. Freudenthal should get behind Jessica's Law (search), stop making excuses. And if he doesn't, the good people of Wyoming should boot him on out of there. OK? I mean, remember how these guys perform. Not just him, in every state.

