No surprise, a New York chapter of the ACLU (search) is suing the police for searching bags in the subway system. We knew this would happen because the ACLU has opposed nearly every anti-terror measure authorities have come up with since 9/11.
Here's how nuts this organization is: The ACLU opposes allowing the feds to have floating wiretaps that would monitor cell phone conversations of suspected terrorists. It opposes American civilians assisting the border patrol — you remember the ACLU went to Arizona to monitor the Minutemen (search). It opposes profiling of suspected terrorists. It opposes military tribunals to try captured terrorists. It opposes coerced interrogations of captured terrorists. It has demanded that more pictures of Americans abusing prisoners at Abu Ghraib (search) be released, knowing that would help Al Qaeda (search) recruitment.
The ACLU opposes the sharing of information about suspected terrorists and sued to stop New York state from participating in MATRIX, the Multistate Anti-terrorism Information Exchange.
"Talking Points" could go on and on, but you get the picture. If the ACLU ever wants money, it should contact the Al Qaeda fundraisers. No organization in America enables terrorism as much as the ACLU, period. It is putting your life in danger. And that is no exaggeration.
Unfortunately, there's nothing we can do about it. No way to stop it. The ACLU operates within the law and uses the legal system to oppose the war on terror. And there are enough loony judges around to give that organization power, especially here in New York City and in San Francisco.
The only thing we can do is hold people who raise and give money to the ACLU accountable. In the weeks to come, "The Factor" will tell you who these people and organizations are, so you can decide whether or not you want to do business with them.
There are many issues I struggle with on this program, trying to decide what's right and what's wrong so I can present a cogent analysis to you. But the ACLU's opposition to all anti-terror measures is not one of those issues. This is a dangerous organization. The evidence of that is overwhelming.
And that's the Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
The Internet site Worldnet Daily has posted ad letter written by Senator Edward Kennedy (search) way back in 1971. The letter says that Senator Kennedy believed that a fetus was human from, "the very moment of conception."
Well, since Senator Kennedy is one of the most ardent abortion supporters in the country, many Americans are curious about this letter. We called Senator Kennedy's office today, and he said there's no problem. The senator is personally against abortion, but he also wants women to have the right to choose. If this is a contradiction or not, you can decide.
If you want to see the entire text of the letter, and it's very interesting, you can go to WorldnetDaily.com. Ridiculous? Read the letter and make the call.

