Amnesty International declares war on the USA. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo".
In a shocking display of belligerence, the human rights organization is accusing the USA of committing illegal acts and is actually threatening American leaders. A statement by Amnesty boss William Shultz says, "Amnesty International (search) calls on foreign governments to uphold their obligations under international law by investigating all senior U.S. officials involved in the torture scandal...The apparent high-level architects of torture should think twice before planning their next vacation to places like Acapulco or the French Riveria because they may find themselves under arrest as Augusto Pinochet (search) famously did in London in 1998." Wow, what a threat. Can you believe it?
From the get-go, Amnesty International objected to the Bush administration's aggressive response to 9/11 and went ballistic over the Iraq War. There's no question that A.I. is a far left outfit, but now it has become an openly hostile to the USA on the terror issue.
• Item: Amnesty International has been soft on Saddam Hussein, saying it does not support or oppose regime change in any part of the world.
• Item: Amnesty International's executive director, Mr. Schultz, was on the board of Planned Parenthood (search) and the People for the American Way (search), two very far left organizations.
• Item, Amnesty Secretary General Irene Kahn says "Guantanamo has become the gulag of our times."
• Item, A.I. says it considers U.S. Army deserterJeremy Hinzman (search) to be a legitimate conscientious objector, even though Canadian authorities have denied him political asylum.
• And the final item, Amnesty International has listed the USA as one of the worst human rights violators in the world, along with Sudan, Zimbabwe, and Haiti.
So it's clear A.I. opposes the U.S. War on Terror, in effect taking the side of the terrorists.
Now the problem, as we pointed out last night, is that Amnesty International works with theInternational Red Cross (search) and the left wing American media to subvert the Bush administration's terror war strategies. Everybody should know that.
Amnesty International, the International Red Cross and various anti-Bush media should just be up front about it. Tell the folks why you oppose the terror war and what you would do to protect Americans instead.
But let's stop the nonsense. Amnesty International isn't an objective human rights group. It's a far left outfit that sympathizes with people who kill Americans. That's what it is. The evidence is irrefutable.
"Talking Points" doesn't object to dissent in the War on Terror, but we do object to dishonesty in defining the issue.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
You knew this was going to happen... A 20-year-old man and a 17-year-old girl in Hampstead, England, saw the new movie "Star Wars" and then went home and had a Jedi type duel with two glass tubes. Unfortunately, there was some oil in the tubes, and these two lit the oil, trying to get that "Star Wars" illumination thing going on, that Jedi thing.
The two are now recovering from burns in a hospital. Very serious burns. Ridiculous? You bet. Also insane...

