Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly. Thanks for watching us tonight. I have a little frog in my throat as you've noticed. That happens twice a year like clockwork. I believe God may be sending me a message. I hope you will bear with me.
The Jackson verdict, that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo." California authorities made a big mistake by charging Jackson with conspiracy along with child molestation. Jackson's attorneys were then able to show the family involved to be troubled and divert attention from the most important issue, is Michael Jackson a molester?
The evidence against Jackson is this. He slept with young boys, which no responsible adult would do. He kept homosexual materials in the bedroom, where he slept with young boys. At least three boys have accused him of molesting them. And the singer's lifestyle and attitudes are bizarre to say the least.
Like the Laci Peterson (search) jury, the jury in Santa Maria now has to decide whether heinous crimes were committed based on a "he said, she said" situation.
There's no certainly that Jackson committed the crime, just as there was no certainty about Scott Peterson. The preponderance of evidence is the key in both cases.
Emotion decided the Peterson case. The jury hated Scott Peterson (search) and believed he was capable of being a cold-blooded killer. The belief was based partially on his demeanor in the courtroom.
How the jury sees Jackson's demeanor is unknown, but the man is very troubled, and that is very visible. A simple question. Would you allow your children around Michael Jackson? Of course not. And that's the way the jury will feel as well.
"Talking Points" is not going to speculate about the Jackson case, even though I did predict Peterson would be found guilty. And I believe he is guilty.
But there's one wild card in the Jackson situation that did not exist in the Peterson case — celebrity. The accuser's mother clearly targeted Jackson. She's a bad person and allowed her son to be put in jeopardy no matter what happened.
All rich and powerful people in America are now targets for evil doers. And the weird Michael Jackson heads the list. The man is so strange, any allegation against him immediately gets traction.
The accuser's mother knew that, and the jury does, too, but it's a very, very tough call to allow a person who may be a serial child abuser to walk free.
Bottom line — I'm glad I'm not on that jury.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Our pal Howard Dean (search) has to be the most entertaining politician in the country. Dean spoke in Washington this week. And listen to this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HOWARD DEAN, DNC CHAIR: The idea that you have to wait on line for eight hours to cast your ballot in Florida, there's something the matter with that.
Well, Republicans, I guess, can do that because a lot of them have never made an honest living in their lives.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Ridiculous? No.

