Looks like the military is finally going to the border. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
Arizona Governor Janet Napolitano, a Democrat, has sent more than 100 National Guardsmen to help the border patrol stop illegal immigration in her state. The governor wants the Department of Defense to pay for it. And she says she may send more soldiers to secure the border.
As you know, "Talking Points" has been calling for that action for years. In her state of the union address yesterday, the governor said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JANET NAPOLITANO (D), ARIZONA GOVERNOR: The federal government has promised more border patrol agents for Arizona, but until they are here, I have asked Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld to invoke Article 32 of the federal code, which allows the federal government to pay for us to station the National Guard at our border.
(APPLAUSE)
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right. Now predictably, there is opposition from the open border people. But clear thinking Americans understand security dictates the military get involved in securing the border. If that happens in all four border states, there is no need for an expensive fence, which would be used to embarrass the USA worldwide.
With the military backing up the border patrol, most illegal immigration and narcotics smuggling from Mexico would cease as the risk of being caught would become too great.
So we urge Secretary Rumsfeld to help the state of Arizona and the other border states. And we urge Governors Perry, Richardson, and Schwarzenegger to do what Governor Napolitano has done, send the Guard to the border now. And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
No question, the AARP has been embarrassed by "The Factor" as we pointed out that Harry Belafonte was named one of their persons of the year.
Now a little payback. The AARP newsletter included this question in its Fortuneteller Sweepstakes. "Which of the following regular TV programs will end in 2006? "The Apprentice," "Nightline," "Lost," "The Early Show," "The O'Reilly Factor," or "Law & Order"?"
Ridiculous only if "The O'Reilly Factor" goes off the air this year. That would really be ridiculous.
AARP, everyone. Let's hear it for them. We're trying to get those guys on tomorrow. If you're watching, AARP guys, come on in here tomorrow. We'll have a little conversation.
Copyright © 2005 Imaginova Corp. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

