Why should you care about the violence in Israel and Lebanon? That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
The answer to that question is because it affects your life. Every time stuff like this happens, the price of oil goes up and the worldwide economy totters.
That's exactly what Iran wants.
Iran is behind the terror attacks on Israeli forces. The whole thing is part of World War III, ladies and gentlemen. Islamic fascism against the West. That global conflict, unfortunately, is here for the foreseeable future.
But it doesn't have to be that way. Iran is the world's most dangerous country. Any serious analyst will tell you that. And Iran is protected by China and Russia. It knows it can finance and train terrorists. It knows it can order Hezbollah to attack Israel any time it wants.
That's because, according to a variety of intelligence sources, Iran gives Hezbollah about $100 million a year, but Russia and China don't care. China wants Iranian oil. Russia want the USA on the defensive in the War on Terror.
So we have a terror nation -- Iran -- developing nuclear weapons and provoking war in the Middle East. And no one is doing much about it. How dangerous is this? How foolish?
Iran understands that violence is a good thing for the jihad. Having Israel attack Lebanon and Hamas means more Muslims will become terrorists. More Arabs will hate Jews, but what's Israel supposed to do?
Imagine terrorists sneaking across the Mexican border killing eight American soldiers and kidnapping two more. The USA would attack any country harboring those terrorists.
Iran timed this whole thing perfectly. It was under pressure to negotiate the nuke issue, so it used Hezbollah to avert attention, at the same time sending a message to the world that Iran can disrupt things any time it wants.
Look what happened to the stock market on Thursday -- down big.
The USA and other nations that recognize the danger from Iran and Islamic fascism are really in a jam. With China and Russia actually helping the evil jihad, options are limited. The campaign in Iraq is brutal. The USA can't launch another ground action and Iran knows it.
The U.N. is a cowardly farce. NATO? MIA. So Iran sits there and gloats about all the death and destruction it is causing.
Finally, it was nice to see the far-left Boston Globe editorialize today against Iran. But I still believe some far-left Americans are clueless about the vicious war we're in.
How would Ted Kennedy, or Barbara Boxer, or Howard Dean wage the terror war? What exactly would they do? If you figure it out, please let me know. I'm sure Iran would be interested as well.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Former CIA operative Valerie Plame and her husband, Ambassador Joseph Wilson, have filed suit against Karl Rove and Vice President Cheney for releasing Ms. Plame's name to journalists, thereby putting her in danger, they say.
Former Cheney aide Lewis Libby, under indictment in the case, is also named in the civil suit, which supporters of President Bush will find ridiculous. But anti-Bush people will applaud. You can make your own call on this one.

