Worldwide demonstrations against Israel after about 60 people, including many women and children, were killed by Israeli bombs in southern Lebanon. Of course, these protestors, many of them pro-Hezbollah, also targeted the USA for condemnation.
No question, the Israeli bombing was a mistake and will hurt Israel in the court of public opinion, but mistakes are made in all wars. Abu Ghraib was a huge mistake by the American military in Iraq and the USA has suffered because of it.
However, isn't it interesting that the Islamic fascists never make a mistake?
We rarely see worldwide demonstrations condemning their consistently barbaric behavior. In violation of a U.N. mandate, Hezbollah has fired thousands of missiles targeting civilians into Israeli cities. Have you seen many demonstrations against that?
How about after 9/11? Did you see mass demonstrations condemning Al Qaeda? Did you see protests when those savages beheaded civilians on videotape?
The answer is no. The terrorists can do pretty much anything without the world condemning them. Want more?
Iran is defying the United Nations on nuclear weapons. Any demonstrations? Muslims are slaughtering each other inside Iraq. Any protests?
"Talking Points" could list examples all day long. The truth is that hatred, not compassion for civilians, is driving these hypocritical demonstrations we saw over the weekend. This is not justifying the killing of innocents by Israel. My analysis is addressing a different problem: select outrage to advance the cause of Islamic fascism.
Back in America, the left-wing press counsels negotiation. OK, it's worth it. We're trying. But let's look at the negotiating record. President Clinton and Israel negotiated with Yasser Arafat until every cow in the world came home.
Arafat didn't want peace. Why? Because his terror activities made him millions of dollars. If you don't believe me, speak to his widow, currently living lavishly in Paris.
The U.N. has negotiated with Iran over nukes for years. No result. Iran doesn't want peace, it wants jihad.
North Korea doesn't want peace either. It signed a nuke agreement with the Clinton administration and promptly violated it.
Does Al Qaeda want peace? Even Howard Dean could figure that one out.
So what makes anyone believe Hezbollah would negotiate in good faith? The sad truth is that many in the Muslim world want to kill Jews and Americans.
"Talking Points" does want peace, but also wants to blunt the growing danger of Islamic fascism. Allowing Hezbollah to sit on Israel's southern border with thousands of missiles isn't a peaceful conclusion. It's capitulation, which is exactly what the jihad has won.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Far-left bomb thrower "Stuart Smalley" apparently wants to run for the Senate in Minnesota, so he's asking people for money. So far, the usual suspects have ponied up. Barbara Streisand, Larry David, Jimmy Smits — people like that.
However, Ms. Streisand gave Stuart just $500, which to her is lipstick money. Not exactly a huge commitment. In fact, it's "Small-ey" and might even be ridiculous.

