

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: "Back of the Book" segment tonight, a segment you might not want children to see.
As you may know, the wedding industry is a billion dollar concern here in the USA, and now the bachelor party industry generates tons of cash, as well. Some ladies are saying we want a quality in "the bachelorette" party realm, and some of the displays are over the top.
With us now April Mancini, the author of the book, "Think and Date Like a Man." It's Masini, m-a, right?
APRIL MASINI, AUTHOR, "THINK AND DATE LIKE A MAN": That's right.
O'REILLY: OK. We took this video, and we're not going to show you that much of it. But I have to show you a little bit of it. This is real video. This isn't some TV show. I mean, these are women who have hired guys and saloons and all of that. But I'm saying to myself maybe this is just a few.
MASINI: No, it's not.
O'REILLY: What's going on?
MASINI: Women are basically out of control in my opinion.
O'REILLY: Really?
MASINI: They're not held accountable to anything.
O'REILLY: Young?
MASINI: Well, they start young, but it runs the gamut.
O'REILLY: How has it changed in 10 years?
MASINI: Well, let's put it this way. My mother used to have sex within the marriage. For my generation, you have sex within a loving relationship. Today kids are hooking up. They don't even date. Dating is outdated.
O'REILLY: So that means that if they like somebody, they don't want an emotional attachment. They just want...
MASINI: They don't even have to like them that much. They don't even have to know them well.
O'REILLY: What is the motivation behind hooking up?
MASINI: I think there are a lot of things going on, and I think you can start with the porn industry. The porn industry has been glamorized.
O'REILLY: Even for women? It's mostly a men thing, isn't it?
MASINI: That's a fallacy.
O'REILLY: Is it?
MASINI: Yes.
O'REILLY: Young women, high school girls, college girls?
MASINI: They are sitting around watching their parents' porn when their parents go out. And they're hooking up in their parents' homes when the parents, you know, are away at work.
O'REILLY: All right. So now this kind of activity has become casual, right? Because it was in the Woodstock generation. I mean, that's when it all changed in the late '60s and it became, you know, an act of rebellion to do that.
MASINI: Yes, but it's really different, inasmuch women are now on their knees servicing men, having no feeling, and not even looking for verification themselves. And the reason for that, watch any porn movie. What do you see?
O'REILLY: You think that industry — and it is a billion dollar industry — do you think it's led...
MASINI: Twelve billion.
O'REILLY: The displays we're seeing that, you know, a young girl is going to get married, so she takes some of her girls, and they rented the male stripper, whatever. But again, I don't know how common this is.
MASINI: I think it's more common than people like to think.
O'REILLY: I think it might be in the urban situations. I don't think it's there in middle America yet.
MASINI: I think it is.
O'REILLY: So I'm naive. I have no idea what's going on.
MASINI: I'd like to be naive about it, but I can't.
O'REILLY: Well, you wrote the book.
MASINI: But my book, actually, is more conservative than the title would lead one to believe.
O'REILLY: Yes, you're not endorsing this.
MASINI: Not in the least.
O'REILLY: Is there any data, though, on this?
MASINI: On which?
O'REILLY: On women, you know, the bachelorette parties and the out- of-control stuff and we don't care about emotions. We're going to do what we want.
MASINI: No-fault divorce. No-fault divorce encourages women to do whatever they want, pretty much. I mean, there's no reason for women to stay married anymore, like there used to be. Women can run off with the tennis pro, for the sake of argument, you know. Have affairs, and take everything away from the men. And, hey, it's nobody's fault. She files for divorce and there we go.
O'REILLY: So the consequences of this kind of behavior you say are gone in our society.
MASINI: These people are allowed to raise children, and look what they're doing. I don't think they're great role models, frankly.
O'REILLY: All right, April, we appreciate it. Thanks for coming in, and talking to us about it. And I am out of it. I mean, I don't know anything about this at all.


