A partial victory in Vermont. That is the subject of tonight's "Talking Points" memo. Judge Edward Cashman under enormous national pressure increased a 60-day sentence for a child rapist to a three to 10- year term. That is still far too lenient for what Mark Hulett admitted to doing. The prosecution wanted eight to 20. But three to 10 is obviously better than having this predator on the streets next month.
As for Judge Cashman, he still needs to be transferred to civil court, which the state could do tomorrow. Cashman's concern for the rehabilitation of Hulett overrode justice for the abused child. This cannot happen in the USA.
So, we will continue to call for Cashman's removal from the criminal bench and continue to call for Vermont to pass "Jessica's Law" so something like this does not happen again.
Now, a nationwide Zogby poll shows 92 percent of Americans oppose Cashman's 60-day sentence and only three percent supported it. And that disagreement with Cashman cut both ways in the poll. We were glad to see both liberals and conservatives condemn the judge's horrendous sentence.
It was only the far left media which supported Cashman. And Vermonters should remember that newspapers in Rutland, Brattleboro, Pennington and Montpelier-Barre all attacked me and FOX News for aggressively covering this story. Americans should also remember that the big liberal newspapers like The New York Times and the network newscasts totally ignored the story. They were simply apathetic that a little girl's human rights had been violated by a vicious predator and a misguided judge.
In the weeks to come, "Talking Points" expects even more attacks on FOX News. The Cashman case proves we can get things done. And that kind of power threatens the left wing media establishment which loathes Fox News because we hold them accountable for their selective reporting and spin. Outlets like MSNBC, a true ratings disaster, continue to cheap-shot FOX News on a daily basis. The boss over there, far-left martinet Rick Kaplan, has virtually destroyed that network as a credible source of information. Kaplan badly damaged CNN as well before he was fired there.
"The Factor" will continue covering the Vermont story and the media reaction to it. On Saturday there is a rally for justice in the town of St. Albans north of Burlington at 12:00 noon. We hope thousands of people show up to send a message that "Jessica's Law" must be passed in Vermont and everywhere. No more Judge Cashmans, no more light sentences for child predators. This stuff has got to stop.
Again, three to 10 for Hulett, not nearly enough for what he did to a six-year-old girl, but it's far better than 60 days. And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Appearing on "The Today Show" this morning, DNC chairman Howard Dean challenged an assertion that lobbyist Jack Abramoff, who was charged with a variety of money related crimes, was a nonpartisan offender.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HOWARD DEAN, DNC CHAIR: It is a Republican finance scandal. Not one dime of money from Jack Abramoff ever went to any Democrat, not one dime.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, according to the Federal Elections Commission, Mr. Abramoff did funnel almost $2 million to Democrats. So is Dean lying?
Well, it depends on how you view spin. Abramoff personally did not give any of his own money to Democrats, but he's charged with giving them other people's money. That's what Dean is hiding behind. He's quite a guy, isn't he? Ridiculous? I think so. But as always, I could be wrong.
Copyright © 2006 Imaginova Corp. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

