A one, two punch of Bob Woodward's book and Congressman Mark Foley's salacious e-mails to a 16-year old boy has the GOP reeling just two months before the midterm elections.
Woodward, who will be here Tuesday night, asserts that the war in Iraq has created chaos within the Bush administration and the entire strategy is flawed.
In just a few moments, former White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card will speak to that. But there is no question that the mainstream media — no fans of the Bush administration — is running hard with the account. And with poll numbers on Iraq already in a freefall, this is big-time damage.
So is Foley's colossal betrayal of his position. The congressman entered rehab today — standard issue. But there's no excusing his inappropriate behavior. The FBI should investigate Foley to the full extent of the law.
Now, some believe other Republican leaders knew of Foley's indiscretions. If so, those people should resign right now. Any cover-up of this situation is unacceptable — period.
If the Democratic Party was what it used to be say 20 years ago, there'd be no contest in November. The Dems would win big.
But today, there is a split in the Democrat Party between traditional Dems and the far-left secular progressives, led by Howard Dean and Nancy Pelosi.
Ironically, those two GOP haters are actually helping the Republicans. Millions of independent voters realize that if the Dems win the House, Nancy Pelosi will become the speaker. Is the USA ready for San Francisco values? Does Nancy Pelosi reflect the attitudes of most Americans?
The answer is no, she does not. Traditional Americans in both parties fear the radicalism that Dean and Pelosi embrace. And if you don't believe that, check out my book "Culture Warrior" for proof.
Thus, the non-ideological voter is in a tough place right now. Iraq's not going well and GOP corruption is in play. Again, in the past, it'd be time for a political change. But now, we're facing killer terrorists abroad and polarizing problems here at home.
Will the Democrats fix the border? Will they keep taxes lower? Will they handle Iran? All of those are troubling questions.
"Talking Points" can't predict what a Democratic Congress would do, but Howard Dean and Nancy Pelosi are not voices of moderation. That is for sure.
So what should we the people do? That will be the main focus of "The Factor" up until Election Day.
And that's the Memo.
Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
My new book "Culture Warrior" is No. 1 on the Barnes & Noble list. That's big and we thank everybody who has supported the book.
On Friday, I chatted about it with Jay Leno.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JAY LENO, HOST, NBC'S "THE TONIGHT SHOW": Now "Culture Warrior", tell us about what it's about.
O'REILLY: "Culture Warrior" is a book that defines what's happening inside the United States of America. Although there is a terror war component.
Traditionalists like me and Jay, OK...
LENO: How did I get in there?
O'REILLY: One talk show tip: always make the talk show host like you. I learned that on David Letterman.
LENO: And that worked out — and that worked out great. That's why you're here.
O'REILLY: Anyway, "Culture Warrior", traditionalists like me, OK, who believe the United States is a noble country, well founded, we make mistakes, we do bad things. We're essentially a great country. We've freed billions of people. Blood and treasure spent in doing that. We get freedom.
Why do you think everybody is trying to get in here illegally? All right? Are they trying to break into France? No. They want to come here.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
All right. Ridiculous? Not at all. Jay was fair and balanced. So was Jessica Simpson. You saw a little bit of blonde hair next to me. She was the other guest. Very nice.

