What the Senate wants you to accept on immigration. Number one, 14,000 new border patrol agents by 2011, a long time. And 2,500 new port of entry inspectors. OK, fine but it's not enough. Unless you put additional National Guard on the border. But let's be honest. The Senate doesn't really want to secure the border and I have no idea why.
Number two, Senate wants to build a triple-layered fence on 370 miles out of the almost 2,000 miles of water between the USA and Mexico. Also, the Senate proposes 500 miles of vehicle barriers along the border.
Three, Senate wants a phase-in program for employers to check Social Security numbers of new hires. Ten thousand agents would be hired to make sure businesses comply with that. So why the phase-in part? Obeying the law shouldn't have to be phased in, or am I wrong?
Number four, 200,000 guest workers would be allowed into the USA. They could stay up to six years, and after four years if they behave, they could apply for permanent residence. I don't have a problem with that.
Number five, and here come the big problems, an estimated seven million illegal aliens who have been in the USA five years or more would be ability to stay and earn citizenship if they did a number of things like pay fines, learn English and pass background checks. This is amnesty, no matter what anybody says.
An estimated three million aliens here less than five years but more than two years would be given three years to apply from a work visa. But they'd have to go abroad to pick up that visa.
That's just dumb. Flat-out stupid. Why give any illegal alien three years to comply with federal law?
Number six, illegal aliens here less than two years would have to leave the country altogether. Of course, most of them will not unless they face criminal penalties, which, of course, the Senate didn't put in the bill. Are you getting the picture?
So the Senate bill is too soft, no question. And now the House will have to toughen it up. Hopefully, a compromise could be reached. There needs to be tough penalties for aliens and employers who continue to break the law. And the National Guard must stay on the border in much greater numbers.
That's the "Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
I don't say this enough, but we are very grateful that you are watching the "Factor," and so we want you to win a Dell laptop computer courtesy of BillOReilly.com. Just sign up for a drawing. It's free. We have free Dell computers to give away, and you might win. The whole deal, as I said, is gratis.
While you are on BillOReilly.com, please check out the Father's Day stuff we have for dad. Keep him occupied with a premium membership. That gets him in the room and away from you. Give him elite Titleist golf balls that say, "The spin stops here" on them. All my proceeds from the Web site go to charity. Actually, going to give Geraldo a nice donation for his charity.
So everybody wins on BillOReilly.com, especially good, old dad, who needs some new stuff, just three weeks before Father's Day, and that's not even close to being ridiculous.

