The proposed constitutional amendment supporting traditional marriage: that's the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
The issue is not really about the acceptance of gay marriage. It's about a bunch of liberal judges trying to impose their vision of America on the entire country. Activist judges are going around the folks and the folks don't like it.
Yes, there's a political component here: President Bush needs to reenergize his conservative base and this issue gets their attention.
I didn't think the president would make such a big deal out of the constitutional amendment, but he has. However, the right of the people who run their own country is paramount in this debate.
According to a recent Gallup poll, 58 percent of Americans want marriage to have a man-woman definition. Thirty-nine percent support gay marriage.
In California and Oregon, two liberal states, referendums supported traditional marriage. And gay marriage is voted down. So there's no question what the people want.
Writing in The Boston Herald, [Sen.] Ted Kennedy says you are bigoted if you oppose gay marriage. That's the usual far-left tactic: disagree with me — you're a bad person.
But the truth is that many who oppose gay marriage do so because they believe that society is better served by putting traditional marriage in a special place.
The belief that heterosexual marriage is a stabilizing force is a strong one. If gay marriage were legalized, then polygamy would have to be. Once you begin to alter the traditional definition of marriage — under equal protection — you can't stop one alternative situation and then deny other alternative situations. That would never pass constitutional muster.
The gay marriage issue is perhaps the most vivid example of the nature's culture war. Secular progressives like Ted Kennedy want a new America, one that nurtures everyone. One that caters to the individual needs and wants.
Traditionalists like me believe the USA has become strong because of its core values: freedom, individual responsibility and institutions like traditional marriage, which foster common goals.
E pluribus unum: out of many, one. Some activist judges would like to tear that philosophy down, but they have no right to dictate how this country operates, and what the law should be.
The folks decide that by voting and, in the case of gay marriage, the folks have decided. And that decision should be respected.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
I used to go to the movies all the time, but now I don't have the time to go. So, that's ridiculous.
But, over the weekend, I did get to see the Vince Vaughn-Jennifer Aniston movie, "The Breakup," which got hammered by most film critics. In fact, the reviews were so bad I almost didn't bother.
But the movie is fine. It's not "Casablanca," but the actors are good and you'll get a few laughs out of it. So what's up with the critical vitriol? I'm sitting there going, "What do they have against these people?"
I think it has to do with tearing down Miss Aniston, who was so successful in "Friends." If true, that's not only ridiculous. It's dishonest.
Bottom line: OK movie; the critics are pinheads.

