So what are we going to do about Ohio Judge John Connor? That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
In just a few moments, we'll hear from the parents of two young people killed by a repeat drunk driver who Judge Connor would not incarcerate. This is the same Connor whom we confronted over the weekend after he sentenced a child rapist to probation. No prison time at all. The rapist, Andrew Selva, admitted to abusing two boys in the worst possible way ages five and 12 repeatedly over three years, and Connor lets him walk.
Why? Here is what Connor said:
"He's got a disease like I've got a disease. I don't know that prison would have helped, except for revenge and revenge is not in the sentencing guidelines."
Connor might be referring to his own alcohol problem. He has been convicted twice for DUI, arrested for that at least or possibly eight times. We can't nail it down. But that doesn't matter. Connor's life doesn't matter. The main problem is that that judge will not protect children or adults. He is simply unfit for the bench.
The two boys who were raped were poor. They are the immigrant children. Their parents are from Sri Lanka. If these boys had been rich, Connor never would have dared to give the child rapist probation. Connor could have given the predator 10 years, which is still not nearly enough for destroying two kids.
But again, Judge Connor does not believe in punishing adults who rape children. So what are we going to do about this? We have to do something.
In Vermont, public opinion forced Judge Edward Cashman, another loopy jurist, to up his sentence for a child rapist from 60 days to three years. You remember that the governor of Vermont, Jim Douglas, refused to get involved in the case and subsequently the Vermont legislature killed a proposed Jessica's Law. That is to Vermont's ever-lasting shame.
Will Ohio behave the same way? "Talking Points" is asking all Americans to get in touch with Ohio Governor Bob Taft and urge him to drive action against Judge Connor. You can reach Governor Taft by going to billoreilly.com where we have established a link directly to his office.
Those of you living in Franklin County, Ohio, where Connor presides, we urge you -- urge you -- to sign a petition to remove him. Again, billoreilly.com will have that information.
Ladies and gentlemen, enough is enough. We all have to get involved and send a message to every judge in America. Child rape is a brutal crime that must be punished harshly. Ignore that dictum at your peril.
That's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Last night there were some inductions into the Rock 'N' Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland, Ohio. Included among the honorees, Black Sabbath, starring Ozzy Osbourne.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OZZY OSBOURNE, SINGER: What happened was, don't put us on the list. But a few years back I've changed. People say, I'm really happy to be — finally got one, you know?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Ridiculous? Who could possibly tell? We love Ozzy.
Copyright © 2006 Imaginova Corp. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Copyright (c) 2006 MarketWatch, Inc.

