On this Halloween, the No. 1 movie in the USA is "Saw III," a sadistic slasher flick designed solely so its audience can enjoy graphic depictions of human suffering.
Now I'm a libertarian when it comes to censorship, so I don't like it. I fully support freedom in the marketplace. You alone should decide what you want to consume. But I will say this, sadistic movies are bad for everyone. They are a disgraceful exhibition and the companies that finance them are harming individuals in the country.
There is nothing worthwhile about seeing graphic displays of unspeakable violence. And if you enjoy that, you might want to find out why to protect yourself and others.
Cannibalism, dismemberment and all the other garbage that is featured weekly in the multiplex is worse than gangster rap or dirty movies, far worse. Young children are buying tickets to see PG films and then sneaking into the sadism displays. Young adults are craving more and more barbaric images, all in the name of entertainment.
On the "Oprah" show, she told me that freedom means slasher flicks should be available and Oprah is correct. But freedom also means Americans have the right to condemn these movies and hold the companies who supply them accountable.
The turning point for ancient Rome arrived when the population turned from building their society to consuming whatever the government would give them, including sadistic displays of brutal death in the Coliseum.
In modern America, the culture is definitely on the decline. Just ask any public school teacher how kids behave these days, as opposed to even 10 years ago. Standards of behavior are collapsing everywhere and the media is leading the way.
Vile gangster rappers have hurt millions of at-risk children. And now we have a movie industry that can't make these sadistic films fast enough. Of course, they all hide behind freedom, but that rationalization is hollow. Those who push base entertainment are villains, no question. All of us need to wise up and jump into the culture war when the No. 1 movie in the country revels in close-upshot of limbs being sawed off, there is a problem.
Enough is enough with this dehumanizing trash. It is wrong, it is evil and it demeans America — period.
And that's The Memo.
Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Did you know that Halloween is a $5 billion industry in the USA, second only to Christmas in consumer sales? And the Eve of All Hallows has now spread to many other countries.
But France is rethinking the trick-or-treat situation. According to the magazine "Le Monde," the French have begun to reject Halloween because of the rise of anti-American feeling in that nation.
And that's fine with me. I'm still boycotting France.
Besides how would you like to say Bon-bons ou batons all night long? That's "trick-or-treat" in Francais. Bon-bons ou batons, bon-bons ou batons.
Ridiculous? You make the call.

