High noon in Vermont: that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Point's Memo".
Tomorrow, Judge Edward Cashman gets a final chance to right an incredible wrong. As you may know, Cashman sentenced a guy, who raped a 6- year-old girl over a four-year period, to 60 days because the may, Mark Hulett could not get rehab in jail.
Well, the state of Vermont now says it will provide in-prison rehab for Hulett and has asked Cashman to reconsider his incredibly lenient sentence.
There is no question the little girl's human rights have been violated by that sentence, even as she was violated by Hulett. So where is Human Rights Watch on this? Where is the ACLU, the National Organization for Women, the liberal media?
Well, in the liberal media category, some of them are attacking me and FOX News. Here's a sample of the discourse on Vermont public television.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I could not believe that a week after this sentencing, the state of Vermont is being trashed on FOX News network. There have been 20,000 calls and e-mails to the governor's office. And the governor of Vermont has even not looked at the file. That's a public file that has the affidavit of the investigating officer. Everything you'd want to know.
It boggles my mind that the facts have been valued so little by the governor of Vermont, all the way to this O'Reilly jerk on FOX.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
OK, well, he's a moron. And that kind of insanity must be confronted by the good people of Vermont.
While Democrats in the legislature continue to protect Judge Cashman from a vote on his dismal performance, some republicans, led by GOP leader Peg Florry (ph), are beginning to step up and demand tough mandatory sentences for child predators.
Right now, Vermont has no mandatory prison terms at all for child rapists, which is why Cashman can do what he did. Vermont's Republican governor, Jim Douglas, however, continues to be a profile in weakness. The governor should be looking out for the little girl. He is not.
So the stage is now set for Judge Cashman's decision tomorrow. FOX News will be there in force. We are not going to let this story dissolve.
Every American should be angry, frustrated and fed up. Little girls are U.S. citizens, too. They have rights, too.
The judge who puts the needs of a child rapist above justice for the rape victim does not deserve sit in any American courtroom. Cashman has one final chance to right this wrong. We hope it happens tomorrow.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Troubled pop star Michael Jackson has fled to the Arab nation of Bahrain to get away from scrutiny. It isn't working. Recently, Jackson dressed as an Arab woman and went shopping. An alert photographer saw through the ruse, so to speak, and snapped this picture. Jackson was with three children who might be his, and they were also covered. Upon discovery, Jackson fled the shopping center. Ridiculous? Well, sounds like it.
Copyright © 2006 Imaginova Corp. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

