The anger is growing on the far left, that's the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
'Tis the season to be jolly, but not if you're a far-left loon. I thought after the election the secular progressive true believers would calm down a bit. Not so.
As you know, Danny DeVito mocked President Bush in an outlandish way a couple weeks ago. And yesterday, Joy Behar said this about former Defense Secretary Rumsfeld.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I mean, what if they put a person on there.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Who would you have put?
JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST: I don' know. You have to put like a Hitler type, like you put Donald Rumsfeld there or something.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Oh. Now think about this. Adolf Hitler was a mass murderer, a man directly responsible for the deaths of 50 million human beings, at least 50 million, and Joy Behar and ABC is comparing Donald Rumsfeld to him?
And then there's Matt Damon. The far-left actor's promoting a movie and saying this about the U.S. military.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MATT DAMON: Seems like we have a fighting class in our country that's comprised of people who have to go for either financial reasons -- or you know, I don't think that that is fair.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Of course, Mr. Damon is ill informed. Nobody has to go into the military. And statistics show most of our fighting men and women are middle class, not poor.
But facts don't really matter to the committed left. Damon doesn't care about what's true.
And the Christmas situation is the best example of this. The SPs are furious that most stores no longer order their employees not to say Merry Christmas. Best Buy is an exception, but paranoia over yuletide is now the ghost of Christmas past.
The usual suspects find that offensive. Joel Stein in The L.A. Times called me an "annoying gentile." Wait a minute, that might be accurate.
Clyde Haberman in The New York Times called me a "senior deacon in the church of perpetual outrage."
But by far the worst was a Roanoke Times in Virginia. We'll tell you about that in the most ridiculous item. It was off the chart stupid.
"Talking Points" believes the anger on the far left will only get worst. These people don't like getting their butts kicked in the culture war and are on the attack. As one of their targets I'm more amused than anything else, but I do realize there is a serious intent behind the secular progressive movement. And exposing that agenda will become even more important than ever in 2007. And that's "The Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
As I mentioned in the "Talking Points Memo," the far left have become completely unhinged over losing the Christmas controversy.
And the most hysterical article we've come across comes from the Roanoke, Virginia, Times. It's editorial page editor, Dan Radmacher, a far-left ideologue, whining, saying fewer people are saying "happy holidays." Dan doesn't like that. And then levels personal attacks against me and others for believing it is wrong to prevent people from saying "Merry Christmas."
Radmacher's column was disgraceful, and upon researching this loon, we found he uses personal attacks all the time. So we called his publisher, Wendy Zomparelli, but she's hiding under the desk.
The Roanoke Times is owned by the Landmark Corporation which also owns the Weather Channel, and the paper is rapidly losing circulation. It is easy to see why.
The Roanoke Times now goes on our don't buy, don't advertise list. There are no standards at the paper. It is insulting to the good people of Virginia and, of course, it is ridiculous.

