Earlier this week, I said I was praying for a miracle that one American newspaper would take my side in the University of Oregon controversy, where a radical student publication printed vile illustrations of Jesus. That hate speech violates academic standards, in my opinion. And the publication should be denied college funding. I also said the University president, Dave Fronmeyer, should be fired for poor judgment and lax leadership.
Well, I didn't get the miracle I asked for. No newspapers have backed me. But something even more miraculous has happened. In a poll sponsored by the University of Oregon student newspaper, 38 percent of students say "Bill O'Reilly is right, fire Fronmeyer." Thirty-three percent believe the administration should say stay out of it. And 22 percent say the paper should not be shut down, but should be condemned.
So 60 percent of those who voted understand that hate speech is irresponsible while the faculty and staff of the university have no clue.
Now according to Black's Law Dictionary, hate speech is not always protected by the Constitution. And neither is lewd and obscene public speech, libelous public speech, and insulting words designed to inflict injury.
The Jesus pictures are clearly obscene and designed to injure Christians. Any rational person can see that.
In an interesting aside, The New York Times ran a piece today about the ACLU. Apparently that organization does not want its own members to criticize it. That's right. The free speech champions, the ACLU doesn't want to be criticized from within. Excellent.
As part of that article, ACLU executive director Anthony Romero says he believes in free speech, kind of. "Take hate speech," Romero says, "while believing in free speech, we do not believe in or condone speech that attacks minorities."
Aha, but you can attack the majority, which in America is Christians. And therein lies the crux of this issue.
Nobody in their right mind thinks the University of Oregon would allow a KKK student-run newspaper to receive student funding, but they will kick $20,000 a year to a Marxist, anti-Christian hate sheet. That's unacceptable at a publicly funded university. If that sheet wants to go off campus and publish with private money, I don't have a problem, but no student funding should be forthcoming.
University of Oregon alumni should stand up the way the students have and withhold donations until something is done.
Tonight, the student senate of the University of Oregon will discuss the issue. And tomorrow, we'll report any action the kids might take. Again, this whole thing is miraculous to me. The students are much smarter than the faculty and much braver as well.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
This is not a good week for the Dixie Chicks, even though they're on the cover of Time magazine. After Natalie Maines dissed me, even though I was nice to her, it seems the Chicks also dissed the ladies on "The View." Uh-oh.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MEREDITH VIEIRA, CO-HOST, ABC'S "THE VIEW": What is up with the Dixie Chicks? First of all, they alienate their fan base by going after President Bush. Now they have gone too far in Time magazine. We are furious!
Joy?
JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, ABC'S "THE VIEW": Yes.
VIEIRA: Furious!
BEHAR: There's a quote in Time magazine that really ticked me off this morning. Natalie's new motto is, "What would Bruce Springsteen do?" says Robin Robison. "Not that we're of that caliber, but"... Now, here's the good part — "would Bruce Springsteen do 'The View'"?
(Audience reacts Joy's reading of Robison comment.)
They're not doing "The View".
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Ridiculous? Teeing "The View" ladies off is always ridiculous. I'll go on the program any time.

