Just in time to embarrass General Michael Hayden, proposed new CIA chief, somebody linked information about Hayden's NSA collecting information about the phone calls of Americans.
Now, the NSA is not listening to or taping the calls. It is compiling data about who is being called and running it through computers to see if any terrorist link can be found.
Now, I have no problem with this personally. If the government was listening to my calls or secretly taping them, then I'd have a big problem. But simply trying to ascertain where the calls are going is no big deal to me.
I'm sure others disagree, because others disagree with just about every anti-terror method the USA uses, including coerced interrogation, military tribunals for terrorists who are charged, Guantanamo, the Patriot Act, no-fly list, on and on and on.
If it were up to the ACLU, all terrorists would be given civilian lawyers, Geneva Convention protections and would have no surveillance whatsoever worldwide with a U.S. criminal warrant.
That, of course, would mean America would lose the war on terror and no one could defeat Al Qaeda in that way. President Bush continues to insist his administration is acting lawfully.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GEORGE W. BUSH, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We're not mining or trolling through the personal lives of millions of innocent Americans. Our efforts are focused on links to al Qaeda and their known affiliates.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Of course, the Bush haters will convict him on this and every other issue. We all know that. But oversight is a must.
And apparently there is oversight. Members of the Senate and House Intelligence Committees of both parties are being briefed about all this stuff.
"Talking Points" believes most Americans cherish their privacy, do not want unnecessary snooping of every kind. But let's all wise up here. We're in a vicious war against terror. And all this theoretical mumbo jumbo the far left keeps harping on is helping the enemy.
If U.S. intelligence wants to know where phone calls are going, I don't care. But if they eavesdrop on domestic calls without a warrant, I do care.
I am a simple man. And this matter is simple to me: no big deal.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
You know, we're living in crazy times and the paranoia surrounding children is completely off the chart. In Oregon — Portland — public schools have now banned teeter-totters, tube slides and merry-go-rounds from playgrounds because somebody might get hurt.
In Broward County, Florida, there's a new rule on the playground: no running. In other places dodge ball has been banned and tag is out in Salem, Oregon.
Aren't you glad you're not a kid these days? Might be ridiculous.

