

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "personal story" segment tonight, as you know, there are scores of irresponsible media people in this country doing all kinds of awful things on the Internet, radio and television. But this following story may be the worst we've seen.
New York City deejay by the name of Troi Torain has been fired by the Clear Channel Corporation after he threatened to molest the four-year-old daughter of a rival deejay.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Troi Torain, "D.J. STAR": Where does this kid go to school? I give $500 for that information.
Oh, I'll come for your kids. I will come for your kids. Man, I finally got the information on his slant-eyed [bleep] wife.
You didn't hear me. I said I would like to do a R. Kelly on your seed, on your baby girl..
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: R. Kelly is charged with child molestation.
And here's the kicker. Clear Channel didn't even fire this guy until New York City Councilman John Liu held a press conference with the girl's mother, Gia Casey.
With us now are Mr. Liu and Ms. Casey.
You must be absolutely furious about this. I mean, I've never seen this in the United States of America, ever.
GIA CASEY, THREATENED BY D.J. STAR: Neither have I. It's completely unconscionable what he's done and the state that he's put myself, my children and the rest of my family in.
O'REILLY: How did you learn about this?
CASEY: I heard it with my own two ears.
O'REILLY: You heard him, and he's a rival of your husband who is a D.J. on another channel?
CASEY: Yes.
O'REILLY: And he routinely attacks your husband and family?
CASEY: Up until this point he hasn't made such a big deal out of attacking my husband. This came out of the clear blue sky. I don't know what provoked him to do this. The only thing I'm concerned with now is the safety of my children.
O'REILLY: How has it affected your children and your family?
CASEY: It's affected us in the greatest way. My children, they go to school. My daughter is 4, my son is 2. And they go to school. And now I had to contact her school and let them know that security has to be heightened. They have to keep an extra eye on my children.
I had to tell my daughter that she can't go outside and play with the other children at lunchtime. She has to stay inside. And I have to watch my daughter cry as a result of that, because now she feels like an outcast.
I had to take my daughter out of soccer. This was supposed to be her first week of kiddie soccer, and now she can't go.
O'REILLY: Because you're afraid of what?
CASEY: Because I'm particularly afraid now that he's going to carry out his threats to molest her.
O'REILLY: I think this guy is just, you know, a disturbed guy. I don't think he'd do anything like that, because he knows he could never get away with it. These guys are usually cowards.
But what I'm worried about is the other kids knowing what's going on, you know, and that your child is separated for attention, negative attention, because 4-year-olds don't understand any of this stuff. All they know is that there's something going on.
Does your daughter know what's going on?
CASEY: Absolutely not. I would never expose her to those threats. I would never let her know what type of situation that she's in.
O'REILLY: All right. So all she knows is that there's something different. She doesn't know why.
CASEY: Exactly.
O'REILLY: I'm sorry you have to go through this, Ms. Casey.
Mr. Liu, this guy stayed on the air. Again, Clear Channel, major corporation in this country. He stayed on the air until you blew the whistle on him. Tell me about that.
LIU: He stayed on the air. They let him continue to spew this violence and hate for many, many days until he was shut down. And we're happy that he's been fired, but more has to be done, because otherwise it will just go on with someone else.
This is a major corporation. They hired Troi Torain after he had been fired by the rival station for making totally inexcusable remarks over the airwaves. Clear Channel went ahead and sought this person in an attempt to boost their own ratings and, therefore, boost their corporate profits. And that's a problem.
O'REILLY: The shock jocks and the smearmeisters are everywhere. But what I'm really disturbed about is that they let him go on the air after he threatened to molest a 4-year-old child.
LIU: That's right.
O'REILLY: And they didn't get him off the air until you held a press conference. Did you talk to the company?
LIU: We have talked to the company, and it's also the bravery of Gia, who came forward with this.
O'REILLY: Absolutely.
LIU: You know, you're hitting the problem on the head right here.
CASEY: Absolutely.
LIU: The problem is that these companies like Clear Channel and last year we had a problem with M.S. Communications. They will push the envelope and push the envelope to boost their profits until some kind of a check is put in place.
O'REILLY: Right.
LIU: And that's what we've done this time is hold them accountable.
O'REILLY: And there's been even death outside of these radio stations. There have been shoot-outs outside of...
LIU: Exactly. These...
O'REILLY: ... some of these rap things. Out of control.
Look, we admire your courage, Ms. Casey. If we can do anything for you.
Mr. Liu, nice work.
LIU: Thank you.
O'REILLY: Thank you for both coming in.
CASEY: Thank you.


