

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: "Impact" segment tonight, we have been warning you that the rise of machines throughout the world has the potential for great good and terrible evil. We all know about child pornography on the Internet, but there are other abuses of children on the'Net that are disturbing to say the least.
On one Internet site, this little girl was posted saying vile things. We're not going to publicize the site or the adults behind it. We know who they are, but you need to know what's going on.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Religion has incited a hell of a lot more violence than rap music and video games. Religion has caused the genocide of nations and continues to.
We have had gangs for centuries. That's a far worse thing, like the KKK, or the Nazis, or the Republican party, all killing innocent people in the name of religion.
If you made me go to church and worship some fictitious god that interrupts my viewing of something more educational like "Family Guy" or "South Park" then I probably would get medieval on someone's (BLEEP).
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Joining us now from Boston, child advocate and attorney Wendy Murphy.
Is this child abuse?
WENDY MURPHY, CHILD ADVOCATE: You bet it is. There is no question that using a child as a tool to promote propaganda, political propaganda about which the child understands nothing. I guarantee you a child of that age has no idea what she is saying. That is the ultimate inhumane treatment of a child.
And you know what the worst part is? And I'm sure the parents are responsible for this. They've got a child on the world stage, a completely vulnerable child, making very incendiary and provocative statements about things people have strong feelings about. I mean, to accuse the Republicans of mass murder, basically.
O'REILLY: But that doesn't even matter to me. This girl looks to be about seven or eight.
MURPHY: But what if some nut — but Bill, what if some nut wants to hunt this family down? They're going to look for this kid because they are mad about what she thinks.
O'REILLY: Well, Wendy, I hate to break it to you, this girl is being raised by nuts. OK? These people.
MURPHY: Yes.
O'REILLY: These parents who did this are deeply disturbed. That's what disturbs me. So I want to walk through this.
MURPHY: I don't disagree.
O'REILLY: This girl looks to be about seven or eight years old. Her parents are abusing her emotionally. No question about that. All right, as you said, she doesn't know what she's saying. She's there spouting vile stuff, anti-religious stuff, using curse words. We didn't even use the worst of what she said. OK?
So they're putting her in front of a camera, and they're giving her a script, and they're forcing her or cajoling her, whatever they do, bribing her to do this. And they then put it on the Internet, as you said, in front of the world and the world sees it.
Now if you know who these parents are, we do know who they are, can you take this to the authorities? Can you take it to social services? What should you do?
MURPHY: Well, at a minimum if I am a mother in the neighborhood, I'm going to make sure my kids are nowhere near that family. I'm going to tell everybody I know that this is what these parents do to their children to make sure that they suffer shame and stigma in the community.
And I'm going to call the authorities, but here's the thing. It's possible social services might be able to get involved because this is emotional abuse. There's no question about it.
Whether they'll get involved is another issue, because parents have a lot of freedom...
O'REILLY: Absolutely.
MURPHY: ...to do bad things to their kids in the name of discipline.
O'REILLY: Absolutely.
MURPHY: But you know what's really horrible, Bill? It's not a crime in this country. It could be in some other countries. We don't prosecute emotional abuse of children as a crime in this country. So if I call police, they wouldn't give me the time of day.
O'REILLY: Right.
MURPHY: And that's a sad commentary on how much respect we don't have for kids in this country.
O'REILLY: All right. So there is no legal ramification. There's nothing you can do legally, because emotional abuse is not a crime. Physical abuse is. If you can prove that kid is being beaten. Mental abuse, if you deprive the kid of food, or you don't send the kid to school or you do something like that, you can get charged with that. But child abuse is a fairly big thing.
And I'm saying to myself maybe if — you know, it's obvious this is troubling. Maybe social services could make a case, particularly if they investigated the parents, that these parents are simply not suitable to raise a child or responsible enough to do it.
MURPHY: It's tough. I mean, you're right that it does fit within the definition. I don't disagree with you, but all the free speech folks will come marching.
The ACLU will be all over this, saying these parents have First Amendment rights, the kid has First Amendment rights, I think. And to some extent, once you start waving that flag around, people get nervous. So social services might back down.
O'REILLY: Yes.
MURPHY: Look, it is the kind of abuse that this kid won't even necessarily experience in terms of suffering and harm until she probably gets older.
O'REILLY: Well, you know, if this is going on, other stuff is going on.
MURPHY: Bill, we have laws in this country to protect animals from abuse long before we have laws to protect children from abuse.
O'REILLY: Yes, I know.
MURPHY: This is an example of.
O'REILLY: We can't even get the child rapist sentenced to a decent amount of time.
MURPHY: Exactly. But this is what happens when you give parents that kind of free rein to abuse their children.
O'REILLY: Yes. And they are. All right, Wendy, thanks very much. We appreciate it.
MURPHY: You're welcome.


