Politics, the public schools and your kids. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
As you may know, I'm writing a book called "Culture Warrior," which will be out next September. In my research, I have learned quite a lot about the far left, which is currently running the secular progressive (SP) movement in the USA. Those people want big changes in America and have a very well thought out strategy backed by big money and a largely sympathetic media.
The secular progressives understand that at this point in history, they're not going to get things like gay marriage, euthanasia, legalized drugs and income redistribution passed in Congress. So the SP's are looking to the future. They are trying hard to convince young people that their way is best. Liberal actor Mike Farrell spelled it out on "The Factor" last week.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MIKE FARRELL, ACTOR/ACTIVIST: I see the opposition. I hear about it. I think a lot of it is fear and a lot of it is homophobia, but I think that like with everything else, the younger generation is more accepting and these things will change.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Much of the SP indoctrination is taking place in the nation's schools, especially on college campuses where tenured professors can say whatever they want. In high schools, political propaganda is more difficult as teachers do not have the right to impose their ideology on students. Today, a big controversy broke out in Denver when a student taped his geography teacher saying this about President Bush's State of the Union address.
(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)
JAY BENNISH: He started off his speech talking about how America should be the country that dominates the world, that we have been blessed essentially by God to have the most civilized, most advanced, best system and it's our duty as Americans to use the military to go out into the world and to make the world like us. Sounds a lot like the things that Adolf Hitler used to say.
(END AUDIO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Wow. That teacher Jay Bennish has been put on administrative leave. But clearly, that kind of stuff is unacceptable. Teachers must be fair and balanced and academically competent in their presentations. The classroom isn't the debate club. To compare the Bush administration to the Nazi government is not only dishonest, it's foolish, but kids without a frame of reference might not understand that. All American parents should be aware that political indoctrination of children is a big part of the SP game plan and you should know who is teaching your kids. Talk to the teachers. Find out what's going on. Totalitarian societies use indoctrination in their schools. Free societies do not. This is a growing problem in America. Be aware of it. That's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
No time for "Ridiculous" tonight.
Copyright © 2006 Imaginova Corp. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

