All over the country, the left-wing newspapers don't know what to say about the current violence in the Middle East. They can't condemn Israel, because that country was attacked. They can't praise Hezbollah, because that would be economic suicide.
Look what happened to The New York Times after the terror finance story. A paper announced today it was cutting 25 percent of its work force. Times are not good at The Times.
So the American left really doesn't know what to say about the new turn in the terror war. The only indignation the left can mount is that the Bush administration is not engaged enough in the Middle East because of Iraq.
Now all of this is boring to me. I'm tired of the terror war being used as a political football on both sides. I just want to defeat the terrorists. But in order to do that, America has to come together. And we're not together -- we're a divided nation when it comes to the War on Terror.
You have three camps in this country: The "Blow the Hell Out of Them" camp, the "It's All America's Fault" camp and the "I Don't Want to Hear About It" camp.
Those people who don't want to know about the terror war can make all the difference. If you could convince them they're in danger, which they are, you could mobilize a lot of public opinion. And those who are undermining the terror war would be in a bad place.
But truthfully, it is depressing to pay attention to this War on Terror. I mean, it's summertime. Who wants to see Israel and Lebanon being blown up? Who wants to see dead bodies coming back from Iraq? Who wants to hear about nutty Iranians threatening the world?
It's much easier to go to the beach, to watch goofy reality shows on TV, or to drown yourself with iPod sounds.
Unfortunately, that's what many Americans are doing. Thus the extremists get the attention. And the USA is not presenting a united front to the world. How can we defeat terrorists if the American people refuse to pay attention? That is the harsh reality we are facing in the summer of 2006.
I wish I had a solution to the problem, but I don't.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
The latest edition of her magazine, O, Oprah Winfrey says she's not gay. She also says if she were gay, she'd say so.
I'm so glad that's cleared up. Wouldn't want things to get ridiculous.

