I wasn't at the party house. I don't know what happened to the dancer who says she was raped by three Duke lacrosse players. You don't know what happened. The lawyers and the prosecutor don't know. In fact, nobody knows except the three young men and the accuser.
Even the other dancer at the party doesn't know what happened. She spoke with Juan Williams:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JUAN WILLIAMS, NATIONAL PUBLIC RADIO SENIOR CORRESPONDENT AND FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: So initially, when you're asked, you know, later about something happening and you hear that...
KIM ROBERTS, DANCER: Yeah.
WILLIAMS: ...there are allegations. You say, 'I don't know anything. I never saw any rape or any'...
ROBERT: I never saw a rape. You know, I can't help you. I didn't see a rape. I don't know what you people are talking about, basically.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, with no witness to the alleged crime, no DNA match, no conclusive medical exam evidence and doubts about the accuser's credibility, a conviction in the Duke rape case just about impossible. Thus, District Attorney Mike Nifong has an ethical duty to withdraw the charges.
"Talking Points" believes that will happen and it should happen now. Duke University has been besmirched. Three young and their families are going through hell. And the alleged victim, according to her father, is having all kinds of emotional problems.
In fact, the father says he doubts his daughter will be able to testify anytime soon. And what if she does testify? Then the world will hear every tawdry charge ever made against her. She has an arrest record. Various people have testified she marketed sex. Everything she has ever done will become public.
Truth is no one is going to win this trial. There is reasonable doubt — all over the place. And the alleged victim's history is dubious to say the least.
This case would have already been history if not for the racial component. Race hustlers like the Black Panthers rushed down to Durham to convict the lacrosse players. And because some of those players used vile racial invective, the black community is understandably angry.
But this case should not be about that! It should be about justice. And at this point, with no witness to the alleged crime and debatable physical evidence, it's a "she said-they said" situation. So in the interest of humanity, I appeal to D.A. Nifong, drop the case or put forth information that supports going forward. Again, this looks like a loser all around. Wrap it up, Mike.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
The delinquents over at the Jon Stewart program got wind “The Factor” was down in Guantanamo and tied us in with the detainee suicides down there.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JON STEWART, HOST, COMEDY CENTRAL'S "THE DAILY SHOW": I can't believe they lasted that long after an O'Reilly visit! Yes, apparently this weekend, Bill O'Reilly took a visit to Guantanamo to see what all the fuss was about. Even going so far as to talk with some of the inmates. And to do a little research for his new book, "The O'Reilly Factor for Kurds."
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, there is no truth to the rumor that Che — I mean, Jon Stewart — is brutally tortured by far-left elements and forced to say the things he does. No truth to that rumor, which, of course, would be ridiculous.

