Rock bottom has arrived as O.J. Simpson is being paid to speculate about the murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman — murders a civil court ruled he committed.
As you may know, Simpson will reportedly receive $3.5 million to detail how he would have murdered the two Americans if he had did it.
Since Nicole was the mother of his two children, the horror of this is evident to any decent person. But FOX TV and a publisher believe they can make money on the project, so it's on. Add to that the Kansas late-term abortion situation, where hundreds, perhaps thousands of viable babies are being terminated by a doctor named George Tiller. Combined with Simpson, you now have two atrocities front and center before the American public.
So what are we going to do about it?
Don't expect any help from the elite media. It is largely ignoring the Simpson situation and yesterday, The New York Times editorialized that any investigation into Tiller's action is a gross assault on privacy and legal rights.
Of course, babies have no legal rights in the eyes of The New York Times. So it's up to us, the American people, to deal with the collapse of our culture. This is no longer about fictional torture movies or gangster rap — terrible forms of entertainment. This is about real human beings being butchered and Americans profiting from those deaths. Remember, Tiller charges $5,000 to terminate a baby.
In ancient Rome, the society collapsed when Romans basically said no boundaries, any brutality is acceptable. We have almost reached that point in America.
So here's what I'm going to do as a citizen. I'm not going to watch the Simpson show or even look at the book. I'm not even going to look at it. If any company sponsors the TV program, I will not buy anything that company sells — ever.
If every American walked away from the O.J. garbage, it wouldn't happen. If every American demanded a full exposition of Dr. Tiller's activities, he would be forced to stop.
So it's on us. What kind of a country do we want? Remember that question if you are tempted to watch the Simpson special.
And that's the Memo.
Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
As you may know, we are investigating why the brutal murder of baby Jason Midyette has not been prosecuted in Boulder, Colorado.
Well, a University of Colorado journalism professor, Len Ackland, has an opinion on the subject. He told "The Daily Camera" that some news outlets are exploiting the baby's death for ratings — that would be us.
Professor Ackland, with all due respect, is ridiculous, irresponsible and callous to boot. Another example following Ward Churchill of how out of control things are at U.C. Boulder.
You've got a dead baby, sir. Justice needs to happen, OK?

