Once again, I'm an oracle. I told you Monday night that far-left elements in the USA would blame the Bush administration for the North Korea nuke problem. And that's exactly what happened this morning.
Editorials in The New York Times, The Boston Globe, The San Francisco Chronicle and The Baltimore Sun all blamed at least part of the situation on the president. The Sun was the worst, quote: "It's evident the White House has done a great deal to push North Korea and Iran into their current positions" — unquote.
Well, that's just bull. But it's standard secular progressive issue at the radical-left Baltimore Sun.
Let's look at the record:
The Clinton administration engaged North Korea for eight years. They chatted their heads off with the North Koreans — chatting, chatting, chatting. They actually came to an agreement: The U.S. would provide aid to that impoverished nation. North Korea would stop the nuke program. Everything was swell. Remember that?
Then, of course, North Korea violated the agreement and faked out the Clinton administration. It took our money and continued to develop nuclear weapons.
So, when President Bush took over, he decided to engage North Korea by using other nations in the region. So, the USA, Japan, China, Russia, South Korea and North Korea all sat down and chatted and chatted and chatted. A tentative agreement was reached: North Korea would get assurances no military action would be taken against it. It would get more money. It would get diplomatic status.
In return, it would stop the nukes. Once again, North Korea violated the tentative agreement. So, this is Bush's fault? So, the S.P.s are blaming America for this insane nation's deceit?
Yep. That's exactly what they're doing.
It seems incredible, but the S.P.s continue their mantra that America is the danger to the world. How many pundits did you see today say that we should talk to North Korea?
Well, we have been talking our fool heads off for decades. The country is run by an insane leader. He is simply going to do whatever he wants. The same thing is true in Iran. The mullahs are going to cause trouble, no matter what.
Now, the solution to the madness is for the world to join America and confront the bad guys. But, so far, the world will not. They like to see America weakened.
Here in the USA, the secular progressive movement is epitomized by our pal Ted Turner, the founder of CNN.
Yesterday, Turner said this about the War on Terror and President Bush.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
TED TURNER: He said it very clearly. He said, either you're with us or you're against us.
And I had a problem with that, because I really hadn't made my mind up yet.
You know, what if you haven't made your mind up? You know, what if you're thinking about it, doing some studying, doing some reading? Because it's an important decision to go to war or whether or not to go to war.
I mean, you're either with us or against us — that's pretty black and white.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
As we all know, the S.P.s hate black and white. There's no good and evil in that world. There's no right or wrong. Everything is gray.
That is why, today, you have some far-left elements blaming America for North Korea's actions. Pitiful.
And that's The Memo.
Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Our pal Barbra Streisand is on tour. Tickets cost hundreds of dollars, and beside her songs you get this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
(MUSIC)
BARBRA STREISAND, SINGER: Thank you so much.
That was — are you OK?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: My heart is pounding.
STREISAND: You're so good, you could give up your day job.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
All right. Now after that bit mocking the president, Ms. Streisand was actually heckled by a guy in the audience. She responded by saying, "Shut the blank up."
Ridiculous? You make the blanking call.

