Ten years ago, President Clinton signed the Welfare Reform Act, which infuriated committed liberals. Los Angeles Times said portions of the bills were shameful and would hurt children. The New York Times editorialized the bill was atrocious.
Well, they were wrong, by insisting that Americans train themselves to work and actively look for a job, the amount of families on the dole has dropped by 57 percent, and about 1.6 million kids have been lifted out of poverty because their parents were forced to work. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, black children have benefited the most. The poverty rate for female-headed families has fallen 15 percent.
As you may know, 70 percent of African American babies are born out of wedlock. So by all rational standards, welfare reform has been a stunning success. But we hear little about that from politicians who voted against reform -- people like Senators Kennedy, Feinstein, Boxer, Dodd, Leahy and Murray.
Likewise, Congresswoman Pelosi and other liberal House members have not celebrated the bill's success. "Talking Points" does not believe liberal bashing is good for America, but also understands politicians who lock themselves into a specific ideology and reject common sense are not looking for you.
The far left continues to believe that a huge federal government should mandate, quote, "economic justice," that is, the feds and the states should give people money to elevate their standard of living. But that is a false promise.
The traditional road to success, hard work and honesty is the true key to a fulfilling life. The feds owe us protection from our enemies, a fair system of justice and security from chaos caused by situations beyond our personal control. That's it. Welfare reform has improved the lives of millions of Americans. Liberal thinkers were on the wrong side of this issue, as they are on the wrong side of illegal immigration and the terror war today.
Don't expect any far-left introspection on the welfare situation. It will not be forthcoming.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
The Little League World Series is under way and ESPN is broadcasting the games. Unfortunately, Little League is not what it used to be.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Top of the order, let's go, Joe! It's a great day. You need one more.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: One (expletive deleted) run!
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right. As a result of the "F" word by little Spike, ESPN has now put the games on a five-second delay. Ridiculous? Sure. Soon these kids will be chewing tobacco.

