The president Tuesday morning signed the Military Commissions Act of 2006, which he says is one of the most important laws passed during his administration.
Now the law states that the military will be responsible for trying captured terror suspects — the guys in Gitmo.
It works this way: A three officer military panel will determine a detainee's status. If the person is deemed to be an "enemy combatant," he can be held indefinitely.
The military will also conduct trials for detainees accused of committing war crimes. If classified information is necessary, the detainee will not be able to see it, but he will get a summary of the evidence against him.
Of course, the military lawyer — a JAG — will be provided to everything charged. If convicted, the detainee cannot appeal.
Now obviously, this is controversial. Many liberals oppose the military justice system wanting captured terrorists to be tried in civilian courts.
You can decide what policy is better for the country, but one thing is very clear: President Bush believes that terrorism can only be defeated by military means. And that if terror crimes are adjudicated in civilian courts, we'll lose the war.
That is the crux of the issue.
And that is The Memo.
Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
In Georgia, 47-year-old Denise Greer got a $100 ticket for having a bumper sticker that said, "I'm tired of all the Bushit." A judge threw the ticket out on speech grounds, but now Ms. Greer is seeking damages, emotional distress damages.
Why is she doing this? Because the ACLU told her to do it — lawsuit is filed under their banner.
Ms. Greer is also seeking punitive damages, saying the police officer that ticket her acted with reckless disregard for her rights. Ridiculous? We'll let you know how it turns out.
Also, two programming notes: Tomorrow, your humble correspondent will appear on "The View". Is that a TiVo moment, or what? I'm looking forward to seeing my pal, Rosie O'Donnell.
And a week from this Friday, more humbleness as I will make a return visit to the David Letterman program. Remember, you told me in a BillOReilly.com poll to go back, so I am. Three TiVo machines will be needed for the Letterman program a week from Friday.
All of this to support my new book, "Culture Warrior", which continues to be a huge best seller, and we thank you all very much.

