The failure to punish child rapists: that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
Millions of Americans can't believe these judges who give light sentences to adults who rape kids. Right now, “The Factor" is trying to remove get Ohio Judge John Connor removed from the bench for giving a man who raped two young boys probation.
The attorney general of Ohio will join us shortly.
As we saw in Vermont, where Judge Edward Cashman sentenced the rapist of an 8-year-old girl to 60 days in prison, there are some American who don't believe in punishing violent crime.
Now many of these people subscribe to a philosophy of relativism. That is a theory which says there's no absolute right or wrong. All moral values are relative. What's wrong for you is not wrong for your neighbor if he or she doesn't think his or her actions are wrong.
That's what the North American Man-Boy Love Association (NAMBLA) is all about. Those loons believe it's OK to rape kids because they want to. That's what Al Qaeda is all about. Those maniacs believe it's fine to kill innocent civilians because Allah wants them to. In fact, the Al Qaeda crazies think they'll go to heaven if they kill women and babies. And relativism is what Dr. George Tiller practices in Kansas, where for $5,000, he'll extract a baby from the mother's womb and drill a hole in the baby's head. Tiller is a leader in performing partial-birth abortions.
Now all the things I've mentioned should be condemned by righteous human beings all over the world — the rape of children, the execution of civilians, the third trimester destruction of babies are all against civilized behavior. At least they used to be.
But in today's world, we have people defending all of those actions. Judge Connor said that child rapists had a disease. University of Colorado Professor Ward Churchill said many of the Americans murdered on 9/11 deserved it for working in a capitalistic system. A variety of pro-abortion groups think Dr. Tiller is a hero.
Those people all have one thing in common — they are relativists. They reject judgments about behavior.
Right now, Europe has embraced relativism with a vengeance, which is why the USA can't count on Europeans in the War on Terror. Britain is the exception, but the rule over there is little or nothing is worth fighting for.
"Talking Points" strongly believes there can be no justice without a strong definition of what is right and wrong. If adults who rape children are allowed to avoid punishment in favor of rehab, then we should just do away with criminal statutes altogether. There's no greater danger to the world today than moral relativism. It allows the destruction of children. It allows the horror of terrorism. And all of us must understand that.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
As you may know, there are a variety of the nuts running around attacking the FOX News Channel and “The Factor.” They are usually far left loons who are crazed because we are so successful in the marketplace of ideas.
Now, we generally ignore the bilge — B-I-L-G-E. Why empower power failure and Internet fanaticism? But I would like to thank our sponsors, both on TV and radio, who also ignore the craziness. These companies really deserve a lot of credit. And I hope you notice who is making it possible for FOX News to broadcast, and I hope you will reward our sponsors with your business.
Never in broadcasting history has a news network been so viciously attacked as FNC has been. So please reward our sponsors. They are standing up, and they're looking out for you. To not reward them would be ridiculous.
Copyright © 2006 Imaginova Corp. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Copyright (c) 2006 MarketWatch, Inc.

