Hi. I'm Bill O'Reilly, reporting tonight from South Florida. Why? Because there's two feet of snow in New York! Thanks for watching us.
The hate-Bush/Cheney media, that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
What began as a regrettable hunting accident has now evolved into a major media story. The press in America is so angry with the Bush-Cheney administration, they have lost all perspective. And, as a result, you are not getting the truth.
So, here it is.
Vice President Cheney should be more accessible to the press. He is too secretive, no question about it. Mr. Cheney should have released a statement about the hunting accident shortly after it happened. If the Secret Service immediately told the local sheriff what happened, Cheney's office should have briefed the press at the same time.
OK, that's the Cheney responsibility.
More truth — a hunting accident itself is not a big deal, even for a vice president. But if a man dies or is disabled in the accident, it becomes a big deal. That hasn't happened yet. And Harry Whittington is improving, the doctors say.
The press is making a big deal out of this because they despise Dick Cheney. Generally speaking, the media feels Cheney is arrogant and distant. But this hatred has gone too far. And here's the best example I can give you.
New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd is a notorious Bush-Cheney basher. Ms. Dowd can be amusing, but, she, like many at The New York Times, has gone completely off the rails. Writing about the Cheney hunting accident today, Ms. Dowd brings in the following, soldiers dying in Iraq, Cheney's Vietnam deferment, Halliburton, Katrina, oil prices, Medicare, corrupt lobbyists, Usama, Tora Bora, and a possible grand jury investigation.
You think I'm kidding? Check out her column. Every American should read it. Ms. Dowd describes Cheney's hunting hobby as — quote — "his macho kicks gunning down little birds" — unquote.
She also claims the White House is blaming the guy who got shot. I mean, I have never seen a column like this. Today, Mr. Cheney discussed that charge with Brit Hume.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP, "SPECIAL REPORT WITH BRIT HUME")
RICHARD B. CHENEY, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Ultimately, I'm the guy who pulled the trigger that fired the round that hit Harry. And you can talk about all of the other conditions that existed at the time, but that's the bottom line. And there's no — it was not Harry's fault. You can't blame anybody else. I'm the guy who pulled the trigger and shot my friend. And, as I say, that is something I'll never forget.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, like Cheney or not, once critical thinking degenerates into hatred, there's no value.
This incident is the best illustration I have seen in years of a media out of control.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
A cartoon movie called "Curious George" opens this weekend, aimed obviously at little kids. But
As you know, we've been taking a hard look at the city of San Francisco, whose leadership seems to be increasingly irresponsible. Last night on "Hannity & Colmes," board of supervisors member Gerardo Sandoval, who was elected to his position, said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ALAN COLMES, CO-HOST, “HANNITY & COLMES”: Should we not have military?
GERARDO SANDOVAL, SAN FRANCISCO BOARD OF SUPERVISORS:  I don't think we should have a military.
COLMES: We shouldn't have a military? Wait, hold on. The United States should not have a military?
SANDOVAL: That's right. What good has it done the last five years?
SEAN HANNITY, CO-HOST, “HANNITY & COLMES":  Good grief.
SANDOVAL:  That's right. What good has it done us in the last five years?
COLMES: Gerardo, wait a second. Wait a second. I want you to repeat that.
SANDOVAL: Look at the billions that we're spending in Iraq right now. If we spent it on schools...
COLMES: The United States should not have a military?
SANDOVAL: We should not — that's correct.
COLMES: Are you kidding me?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Sandoval is not kidding. America is in the middle of the terror war and some in San Francisco don't want a military.
Ridiculous? Not to Usama...
Copyright © 2006 Imaginova Corp. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

