We congratulate the states of Michigan, Wisconsin and South Carolina for passing tough mandatory first offense sentences for child predators. Excellent job, you guys.
That brings the total number of states to 24 — just about half — that have or soon will have a variation of Jessica's Law. Those states are purple. Jessica Lunsford's favorite color.
The gray states are still dithering. In New York State, for example, a politician named Sheldon Silver single-handedly holding the law up. He's a far left guy and lawyer. The same thing is happening in Maryland where a guy named Joseph Vallario is blocking the law. Talking Points believes both Silver and Vallario are major villains.
The yellow states are just hopeless. Places like Vermont and Utah not going to pass Jessica's law. While Maine could pass it if the good guys win the fight.
So who is fighting against Jessica's law? Well, many defense lawyers don't want it because they lose the plea-bargain option. And that costs them money. Also the left-wing press doesn't like mandatory sentences. Many of those people believe in rehabilitation for even the worst criminal offenders.
When you combine political donations from lawyers with the power of the press, the spirit of nine-year-old Jessica would seem to be overwhelmed. But she's not because of you. In California, voters are expected to approve Jessica's Law by referendum next November circumventing the liberal legislature.
In the end perhaps 80 percent of the states will pass the law, which is huge and absolutely necessary in America where boundaries are breaking down fast.
Listen to this: On Long Island a 39-year-old mother of two teenagers was having sex with a 16-year-old boy, according to police. The woman then gives the boy a Mercedes. The kid promptly drives it home. Where his mother says, hey, where did you get that? A short time later the cops arrest Lisa Frodella and she's not charged with rape. The age of consent in New York State is 17.
How crazy is this? Did this dopey woman think a 16-year-old could explain away a Mercedes? Of course the woman's probably nuts. But she's now injured the boy, her two girls and plenty of other people.
My theory is that the Internet has demolished boundaries in this country. Abhorrent behavior in chat rooms becomes normal. People can lose perspective with the click of a mouse.
So therefore the danger to children from adults is much higher now than it used to be. And that's why Jessica's Law is a must to send a message that harming children will not be permitted in America. If you do it, you will pay an enormous price.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
You may know we're keeping an eye on the print press, because it can get out of control very easily. The Truth Police has zeroed in on a Hartford Courant writer named Susan Dunne, who wrote a review about a gay political film:
"Westmoreland's film shows gay Republicans have characters as diverse as any other Republicans. They range from a calm, reasonable, same-sex married lesbian to a Bill O'Reilly clone who spews his disdain and screams 'shut up' when the discussion turns against his viewpoints,"
Now, many of you watch this program often. Does Susan Dunne's description sound accurate? I don't believe so. In fact, I think it's downright ridiculous and dishonest. The Hartford Courant is better than that. At least I hope so.

