We need some answers in the JonBenet Ramsey murder now. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo." I have received some letters asking why I'm paying attention to this case. And my answer is simple: 6-year-old JonBenet Ramsey was an American citizen and the country let her down, big time.
I say the country, because law enforcement in Boulder, Colorado, and now in Sonoma County, California, have botched this case. And the killer has yet to be brought to justice. The latest outrage is a tape by John Mark Karr, where he said this about JonBenet to a Sonoma County police informant:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KARR: How would that person apologize for such an atrocity. Would that person say, you know I strangled your daughter and it was so accidental and I was so afraid and I was so absolutely afraid. [Unintelliable]. She was breathing but she wasn't breathing. And I felt her pulse but I thought she was dead, so I just bashed her in the head."
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now apparently that tape was not given to the authorities in Colorado, who now say they're sending a detective to Sonoma to get some answers.
The Sonoma Sheriff Bill Cogbill denies any wrongdoing, but will not say why his department did not act on the tape. The sheriff is stonewalling.
Back in Colorado, The Denver Post says today that the D.A. investigating Karr has not even done the basics, like interviewing his ex- wife about his whereabouts on the night of the murder, nor has D.A. Mary Lacy requested handwriting or DNA analysis of Karr.
In fact, the Boulder newspaper is reporting the DNA taken at the murder scene may have been contaminated by incompetent investigators.
This all adds up to chaos. And a little girl's killer may never be convicted. That is unacceptable. Sheriff Cogbill and D.A. Lacy need to level with the public right now.
Enough of this nonsense. If your office made a mistake, Sheriff, admit it. If you didn't do the basics on John Mark Karr, Ms. District Attorney, get on the stick.
O.J. Simpson, the Duke rape case, Jessica Lunsford — how many high profile criminal situations in this country have to be embarrassing to witness? How many?!
Law enforcement's vital to all Americans. We all deserve to be protected efficiently. The JonBenet Ramsey case is simply disgraceful in every way. And every day, it seems to get worse.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
In Florence Township, New Jersey, there is now new meaning to "giving someone the bird."
About 80 turkey vultures have descended upon Florence. They're just hanging around, looking for trouble. Why they have chosen New Jersey is a mystery — high taxes, there; not an abundance of road kill.
There doesn't seem to be much logic to this vulture invasion, which makes it all the more ridiculous, does it not?

