For the past year, [Elvira Arellano] the 32-year old woman has been living inside a Chicago church, as federal authorities were seeking to deport her. Ms. Arellano was already deported once, but snuck back into the country from Mexico, delivered a baby, and used a phony Social Security number to work cleaning airplanes at Chicago's airport. Over the weekend, she traveled to L.A., where ICE picked her up and escorted her to the border. She's presently in Tijuana, while her eight-year old son Saul remains in Chicago being cared for by a church group.
This entire incident has been staged-managed. And here's what the woman said at a press conference:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ELVIRA ARELLANO: I cannot sit by now and watch the lives of mothers and fathers like me and children like Saulito be destroyed. I believe in my heart that the people of this nation do not in their hearts want to destroy our lives, our families, and our communities.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now the Feds say Elvira actively broke the law. And allowing illegal aliens to work at airports under fake Social Security credentials would make it easy for terrorists to plant bombs on planes to do other damage.
The pro-amnesty lobby says the Feds are cruel, and that Ms. Arellano should be given sanctuary in the USA because her son is an American citizen and has Attention Deficit Disorder.
"Talking Points" feels badly for the boy, who should be with his mother — as there is no father in the picture. But it was Ms. Arellano's choice not to take Saul to Mexico. She could have.
This case demonstrates the emotions involved in controlling illegal immigration. There's no question Ms. Arellano broke the law. And the Feds have an obligation to deport her, but that action is very tough and will upset some Americans who want their country to be compassionate.
In this case, I believe ICE had no choice but to deport the woman. She and her allies made a spectacle of defying the system. If she got away with it, then all illegal aliens would have to granted the same consideration.
Elvira and her supporters believe she has a right to live in America, and do so with fraudulent credentials. If you believe that, you may be compassionate, but you are also misguided. Do you really want that kind of chaos?
Again, the young boy is getting hammered, and no one could be happy about that. But immigration law must be enforced in fraud cases for the protection of all Americans.
And that's "The Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item
I think the area around New York City's fallen World Trade Center is haunted. Over the weekend, an abandoned building overlooking 9/11 attack site caught fire, and two firefighters were trapped.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Command to Battalion 2. Battalion 2, listen. I want a roll call. Do we have a roll call finished up there? I don't give a (expletive deleted) about the building. I give a (expletive deleted) about the guys. Do we have a roll call? Do we know who's missing?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So far, cannot contact. Ladder 15 can.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ladder 15 go ahead.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ladder 15 to Battalion 2. Are you at the location?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're on the 15th floor trying to account for our members.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Firemen Robert Beddia and Joseph Graffagnino died from smoke inhalation. Of course, our condolences go out to their families.
Investigators still trying to figure out what caused the fire. A ridiculous occurrence if there ever was one.

