No question I made too much of the O'Donnell story. If you look at it from a behavioral point of view, I mean, who really cares what this woman thinks? Not many.
But the bigger story is the growing anti-American wave that's being driven by the Internet and aided and abetted by some major corporations. In Ms. O'Donnell's case Disney/ABC.
It's ironic that Don Imus got hammered for his foolish remarks, but O'Donnell largely escaped responsibility for her daily anti-American diatribes: 9/11 was perpetuated by Americans. Hundreds of thousands of Iraqi civilians have been killed by the American military. Comparing fundamentalist Christian Americans to Al Qaeda.
Come on, this kind of nonsense can't be sanctioned by Fortune 500 companies without challenge. And so “The Factor” will continue to challenge this garbage.
Now I was glad to hear that actor Charlie Sheen is "rethinking" his role in a vicious 9/11 conspiracy film to be distributed by Mark Cuban. This kind of stuff is used by America's enemies in a time of war and stokes hatred towards all Americans. Now I have never against Mr. Sheen, but if he puts his voice on this project, it will become a major issue in his life.
Likewise, any corporation that puts Ms. O'Donnell back on the air to continue her Tokyo Rose impersonation will find itself under intense scrutiny. Again, calling the U.S. military "mass murderers" and denying the jihadists caused 9/11 is unacceptable. — Fair warning.
While Rosie O'Donnell is a poster girl for far left propaganda, far more serious is the conduct of John Edwards. The former vice presidential candidate has sold his soul to far left interests and is now telling the world the war on terror is a "bumper sticker." — Imagine losing a loved one on 9/11 hearing that.
Edwards is running a preposterous campaign. He lives like a sultan in a 30,000 foot North Carolina house. Look at that! Yet he decries economic unfairness in America. He runs around telling Americans the system is rigged, while paying $400 for a haircut. This guy is a one-man sitcom.
Now across the street from his palatial mansion is a trailer park where working class Americans live. They are neighbors of John Edwards. Some like him. Most don't.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He don't know — he really doesn't know what two Americas are.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Everybody here is just normal income people. You know, just live day-to-day. And I don't think he knows anything about us.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What do you have in common with John Edwards?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I can't imagine anything. He don't know anything about the things I know about.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't know if he knows how to help poor people or lower class people. He doesn't know them. He doesn't — you got to know something about something before you can help the problem. He doesn't know anything about it.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: When he talks about the two Americas, what do you think he means when he's talking about that?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't know. He says many different things. I just don't pay any attention to what he says any more.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: We couldn't find anybody in the trailer park to say anything nice about John Edwards.
Now "Talking Points" tries to respect all of those who want to serve their country, but Edwards is an exception. I have no respect for him. He's a phony and is in the tank for special interest to damage this country. Edwards is going nowhere, but deserves to be called out.
And that's "The Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day". Competing in the Miss Universe contest, Miss USA, Rachel Smith, didn't have an easy time of it as a Mexico City crowd was downright rude.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Next is USA.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Boo!
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Boo!
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Boo!
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Hello. Yes. OK. Una memento, por favor.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Yeah, "uno memento this!" And then, Rachel falls down in her gown, very, very tough. Kept her poise. We're sorry she had to go through it.
Ridiculous? Well, Mexico should be cheering the USA all day long. Because without us that country would to totter on the verge of bankruptcy.
How do you say "No Spin" in Espanol? No spin.
Before we get to the letters, a reminder Father's Day is two weeks away — two and a half weeks. And BillOReilly.com has the best gifts for dad anywhere in the world, including this very snazzy "Keep it Pithy" pen. And if I know Dad, and I do, he wants you to keep it pithy.
Also, signed copies of my book "Culture Warrior" are available there.
And, remember, when you buy anything on BillOReilly.com, a good portion of what you spend goes to charities, send a lot of kids, poor kids to camp this summer.

