Once again, a sanctuary city policy has killed Americans.
As we reported last night, 17-year-old Allison Kunhardt and 16-year-old Tessa Tranchant were killed by an illegal alien drunk driver in Virginia. The man, 22-year-old Alfredo Ramos from Mexico, had three previous alcohol-related convictions, and also an identity-theft conviction, but he had never been sentenced to prison.
The incidents all took place in and around Virginia Beach, which is a sanctuary city. That means the authorities do not report criminal illegal aliens to the feds, unless it's a drastic situation.
Amazingly, the clueless mayor of Virginia Beach, Meyera Oberndorf, doesn't seem to know that Police Chief Alfred Jacocks is not informing the Feds about illegal criminals:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MEYERA OBERNDORF (D), MAYOR OF VIRGINIA BEACH, VIRGINIA: We were called, I believe, a sanctuary city. And I had not heard that before.
But I can promise you, neither I, nor any member of the council has ever adopted any legislation to make this a sanctuary city. But what we have done is we, years ago, set up a Human Rights Commission, so that all people will be given the opportunity to be heard, to be responded to, as we would any citizen.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Ridiculous.
Along with Mayor Oberndorf, Judge Colon Whitehurst is also a villain. Even after a DUI conviction, he would not sentence Ramos to jail the second time around, putting him right back out on the street, where he was able to kill the two girls.
And the governor of Virginia, Timothy Kaine, he doesn't seem to care much about policing illegal aliens.
Now, last night, the father and sister of Allison Kunhardt had the courage to speak to us just hours after Allison's funeral.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ASHLEY KUNHARDT, SISTER KILLED BY ILLEGAL ALIEN: Oh, Ally was—Ally was full of life. She was very sweet. She was very innocent.
DAVID KUNHARDT, DAUGHTER KILLED BY ILLEGAL ALIEN: You try to reason why anything like this would ever happen to your daughter, because it's senseless, you start to think about what's wrong with our system.
It's not one thing, it's several things. It has to do with the immigration laws not being followed correctly, or they're too slack.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
All right.
"Talking Point" says, enough is enough. President Bush should warn all the sanctuary cities, which we have listed on billoreilly.com, that, if they continue to disobey federal law, their law enforcement federal grants will be cut off. That should happen today, Mr. President.
Secondly, the good people of Virginia Beach should immediately begin a recall process for Mayor Oberndorf. It's obvious she doesn't know what's going on.
And, by the way, the mayor has refused to come on “The Factor”, and was called a number of times, despite her saying the opposite. She was called. We can prove it.
And the bottom line on this is that all Americans have a right to protection from irresponsible people. The Founders created government to provide that protection. But our governments generally have bowed to political correctness and are failing to protect us.
We are going to make Virginia Beach the flash point in stopping the immigration madness. We hope astute media people like Kerry Daugherty of The Pilot down there will help us out. No more sanctuary cities, period.
And that's "The Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item
We're getting quite a bit of action on our billoreilly.com poll question: Will actor Charlie Sheen damage his career if he narrates a 9/11 conspiracy film?
Some of those voting are far left Kool-Aid drinkers told to support Sheen by nutty Web sites they visit.
Now I really feel sorry for these people, I do, as they are similar to the ones who followed crazy Jim Jones down to South America in the `70s and wound up drinking a poison Kool-Aid-like substance which of course killed them.
People who are incapable of thinking of themselves are always exploited, always, thus the name, Kool-Aid drinkers.
In addition, they are ridiculous. But we want you to vote on our poll, those of you who are thinking for yourselves.

