President John Edwards, that's the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
Partisan politics bore me. I think all Americans should think for themselves and elect problem solvers, not ideologues to higher office. But sometimes we have to expose conduct that puts you in danger no matter where we find it.
John Edwards has no chance to become president because he's simply too far-left for most Americans, but the positions he holds are now acceptable to millions of voters and to much of the mainstream media. Let's run them down.
Edwards opposed the Senate bill that would officially label Iran's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. So the USA could take aggressive action against that group if need be. The bill passed in the Senate 76-22. The Guard is the SS of Iran, repressing Iranian citizens, training terrorists, and actively supplying some of the bombs that are killing American soldiers in Iraq. Yet John Edwards does not want to label them terrorists.
He would also shut down Guantanamo, move the captured terrorists there to put American prisons, give them civilian attorneys paid for by you and me, and give them name, rank and jihad number privileges, so they couldn't be forcefully interrogated.
Obviously, that would be a major advantage for terrorists all over the world. John Edwards would stop electronic surveillance of overseas calls to suspected terrorists without a warrant. According to almost every American intelligence official that would result in most of those calls being missed. Edwards would quickly pull out of Iraq, leaving Iran to dominate the country. And he has no plan to deal with the Iranians, other than all options should be on the table, whatever table that may be.
So just talking about your personal security, would you support President John Edwards? Remember, no coerced interrogation, civilian lawyers in courts for captured overseas terrorists, no branding the Iranian guards terrorists, and no phone surveillance without a specific warrant.
"Talking Points" believes most Americans reject that foolishness. And it has become a problem for both Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. Senator Obama is much closer to the Edwards view than Senator Clinton is, but the Democratic party can easily be branded as soft on terrorism. It's tough to make distinctions in this area.
Six years after 9/11, I am simply amazed at how soft some Americans have become when it comes to confronting the jihadist killers. This isn't a game. This is life or death. And the cemeteries here in the New York area prove it. Again, no way Edwards will ever win the presidential election. Kid Rock has a better chance.
But just the fact that his misguided view of the world is so attractive to the left media and others is disturbing, to say the least. And that's the Memo.
Pinheads and Patriots
You may remember the terrible murder of Laci Peterson and her unborn baby, Conner. Her husband is on Death Row for that crime. Laci's mother, Sharon Rocha, is trying to memorialize Laci now and the baby by raising money for police search and rescue teams.
So far, Ms. Rocha has raised more than $100,000 to that vital effort. And for this, she is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, sorry to pile on, Kiefer Sutherland, but you have four — four — alcohol-related arrests now. And you should go to jail. You should go to jail for a couple of months.
But beyond that, there should be zero tolerance for drunks getting into cars in any circumstance. This puts us all in danger. Sutherland is getting what he deserves and is a pinhead to boot. No excuses. That's it.

