The president gave a press conference this morning about North Korea, Iraq and Iran. According to Mr. Bush, the North Korean deal, where six countries including the USA give them fuel and they stop developing nuclear weapons, is a good one.
Now I simply don't know, but I guess a bribe is the only thing the North Korean dictator will accept at this point. Predictably, the left wing press is minimizing the North Korea accord. The New York Times editorializing today, "What Took So Long?"
Welllllll, maybe because Kim, Jong Il is certifiable? Perhaps that held things up a bit! -- The point is that anything President Bush does will be denigrated by the left wing media.
Another example. David Gregory, NBC's White House correspondent, asked this at the press conference.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DAVID GREGORY, NBC NEWS: Critics say that you are using the same quality of intelligence about Iran that you used to make the case for war in Iraq, specifically about WMDs that turned out to be wrong. And that you are doing that to make a case for war against Iran. Is that the case?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now I love that phrase "critics say." Don't you love that? As if David Gregory and NBC News aren't critics.
Now a guy on the radio gave me some jabs on that opinion, asking how I would have asked the question. How about this? "Mr. President, in light of the screw up on WMD intelligence in Iraq, do you think you can convince people to support taking aggressive action against Iran?" A fair question, balanced question. Not the sneering "you were wrong on WMDs, so we won't believe anything you say" implication that Gregory puts out there. -- It's one of the big reasons NBC News is falling.
But there's no question President Bush does have a credibility problem convincing the world that Iran is a clear and present danger. However, for the sake of our own safety, shouldn't we keep an open mind and listen carefully to what the president is saying?
But the far left's not going to do that. They simply don't want to confront Iran, no matter what they do. And it is worth their while to bash Bush no matter what he does.
That's because it's all about 2008. Any success the Bush administration has from now on helps Republicans. And the committed left wing media desperately want a Democrat in the White House next time around.
So don't expect honest reporting and analysis from many in the media. According to them, Bush is a disaster, always has been, always will be. That is their story and they will stick to it.
And that's "The Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item
Actress Sharon Stone is known for sometimes flamboyant behavior. At a charity auction for Cinema for Peace in Germany, Ms. Stone tried to entice bids out of the guests.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SHARON STONE, ACTRESS: You talk, you bid; you vote, you bid. You look at me wrong, you bid. Got it? Naughty little Germans. Naughty, nasty, little Germans. That's why I keep coming back. Because you're naughty, nasty. You like it.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Naughty, nasty, little Germans. How do you say ridiculous in German? I don't know.

