"The Talking Points Memo": Bad behavior on the far right.
As you may know, I have hammered the far left in America for its dishonesty on a number of levels, and I'm not alone. This week in Time magazine, liberal columnist Joe Klein writes about the radical Internet assassins who are giving legitimate bloggers a bad name. Quote, "The smart stuff is being drowned out by a fierce, bullying, often witless tone of intolerance that has overtaken the left-wing sector of the blogosphere. Anyone who doesn't move in lockstep with the most extreme voices is savaged and ridiculed."
But it's far worse than that. Extremists like MoveOn are actually blackmailing the Democratic presidential candidates, threatening to damage their reputations, and withhold fund-raising if they don't toe the MoveOn line.
But there's bad stuff on the far right as well. Notorious smear merchant Michael Savage put some pictures of dead American soldiers on his Web site, suggesting that they might be the men kidnapped in Iraq a few weeks ago. The Army was appalled, and the chief of media relations, Colonel Dan Baggio, e-mailed this to Savage. Quote, "The Army respectfully requests that you either remove this link, or at least change the language not to incorrectly reflect the recent missing soldiers, which can be very disturbing to their already suffering families."
Well, despite Colonel Baggio's appeal, the appropriately named Savage kept the pictures up for more than 24 hours on his Web site.
Now, extremists on both sides hurt America. They're haters who often traffic in vitriol to make money. Most of them are fringe players, but a few break out. This is the downside of freedom of speech.
"Talking Points" well understands that big money is pouring into the net to finance the haters, and that some mainstream commentators are in the tank for the extremists. All I can do is isolate them and let you know what's going on.
In the end, karma will deal with these people. But in the meantime, they do a lot of damage. And that's "The Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day." "Factor" viewers prove again you are the best. After less than 48 hours, “Operation Call Home” has been completed. BillOReilly.com and AT&T joined together to send calling cards to our troops in Iraq.
All you guys had to do was go to BillOReilly.com and take the "O Quiz," and more than 25,000 of you do that in record time. So the cards, which give our military people 25 minutes of free call time to the USA, are on their way right now to the troops. And you guys are going to heaven.
Also, BillOReilly.com Father's Day sales are double what they were last year because of the spiffy "No Bloviating" shirts, the incredibly — there's the "No Bloviating" spiffy shirt right there — the incredibly classy "Keep it Pithy" pen. We have them in black, as well. The unbelievably stylish "Spin Stops Here" Titlist golf balls. Aren't they neat? And the "No Spin Dad" mugs are in demand all over the world. We have people from Bhutan wanting those.
Remember all the proceeds I get from BillOReilly.com go to charity, so everybody wins, especially old Dad, who does need a victory once in a while. Ridiculous? Only if you don't like Dad.

