In a stunning interview yesterday on CNN, former President Carter said all kinds of nutty stuff to Wolf Blitzer, who pretty much just sat there and let Mr. Carter bloviate. Bernie and Jane will analyze Mr. Blitzer's performance coming up.
But "Talking Points" has some issues, as they say here in California, with Jimmy Carter. Let's take it step by step. Carter thinks President Bush has let us down in the terror war.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JIMMY CARTER, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I think, during the Clinton years, we kept our country safe, we protected our interests around the world, we were admired by almost everyone on Earth, and we were free.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, somehow President Carter and Wolf Blister -- Blitzer must have missed Al Qaeda blowing up two of our embassies, attacking the USS Cole, and gaining enough strength in Afghanistan to kill 3,000 Americans on 9/11. Somebody remind Wolf and Jimmy those things happened under President Clinton.
And then, there is torture.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
WOLF BLITZER, CNN ANCHOR: President Bush said as recently as this week the United States does not tortured detainees.
CARTER: That's a -- that's not an accurate statement, if you use the international norms of torture, as has always been honored, certainly in the last 60 years, since the Universal Declaration of Human Rights was promulgated.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
The problem here is, what are the international norms of torture? Carter never defines them; Blitzer never asked. The Wolf man sat there like the Mummy.
Now, I can't read his mind, but I'll admit that President Carter thinks anything other than name, rank, and jihad number qualifies as torture. And then there is Iran.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CARTER: I've noticed that even some of the administration officials or spokesmen for them have even advocated using nuclear weapons against Iran. I think it would be a horrible mistake to attack Iran militarily.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, we can't find one Bush official who ever said using nukes on Iran was justified, ever. Once again, Mr. Blitzer did not challenge President Carter.
And here's the real outrage: In 1979, Iran humiliated President Carter and the United States. It held 52 Americans hostage illegally for 444 days. Carter did nothing, unless you count an aborted rescue attempt, which was a fiasco and resulted in eight Americans dead. As everybody knows, Jimmy Carter got hammered by Ronald Reagan mostly because of the Iran debacle.
And here's Carter saying the USA has to negotiate with Iran over nukes and has to talk to them about killing Americans in Iraq. Negotiate, sir? I believe you tried that 28 years ago; I believe you failed. Somebody tell Wolf Blitzer.
Summing up, that interview was simply awful. President Carter is entitled to his opinion, but history is history, and he has no right to distort it, president or not. CNN has lots of problems. They now have another one.
And that's the "Memo."
Pinheads and Patriots
One of the big problems out here in California is that violent gangs actually control some neighborhoods, pushing drugs and intimidating law-abiding people.
Well, now Gov. Schwarzenegger signed five separate bills to try to get these gangs under control. At least the governor is trying. And for that he is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, our old friend Ted Turner, who must be vacationing with Jimmy Carter these days, told the magazine that the U.S. is a "imperial menace", that the only real enemy we have in the world is ourselves.
Mr. Turner also said he had a great time in North Korea. Now, we always knew Ted Turner was a pinhead, but we are glad he is reminding us.

