It is almost unbelievable, but the San Diego Padres scheduled a promotion for gays on the same day the team gave away hats to kids. So thousands of gay adults showed up and commingled with straight families. Predictably, that caused some anger. Some are saying the promotions were inappropriately timed, and some parents are echoing that.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's probably not the best to mix the two different lifestyles with kids.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I wish I would have known about it sooner. I probably would have picked another day if things like that are going on, but we're going to find out, I guess, when we get inside. And if I don't like what I see, then I'll take my kid home.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He doesn't need to — I don't think we need to be discussing why, you know, why a man's kissing another man or a girl's kissing another girl.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
And there was plenty of kissing at the old ballgame. But some parents were OK with it.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Not a problem at all bringing our kids to it. You know, we're all about free speech. And you know, I think our kids should be exposed to everything that's out there and not let them form their own opinions.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I personally don't see any problem with it. And I mean, I would love for him to see people who care about each other and are having a good time.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They have every right to be here. And we're teaching our kid tolerance and diversity. So I have no issues.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Unfortunately there were a few over-the-top displays in the stands, a reminder that irresponsible behavior can come from any group.
Now "Talking Points" believes the San Diego Padres made a mistake. If you want to have a gay night, don't put a children's promotion along with it. That's just common sense.
Ten years ago, this never would have happened in America. And you can decide if we as a society have made progress or have lost our collective minds.
The Disney Company really ignited the "gay day" deal by doing the promotions at their theme parks. And now, you better check your local listings if you go anywhere.
It is not unreasonable for parents to object to any public sexual displays at family friendly events. Baseball is the national pastime, a sport, not a social experiment.
San Diego Padres might think they're being inclusive and politically correct, but they're really being insensitive and, well, dumb. All secular progressives will applaud the mixing of a gay promotion with a kids giveaway. Clear thinking people understand it is completely out of context and inappropriate. And in this case, two strikes and you're out.
And that's "The Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day." According to Us magazine, Rosie O'Donnell is having a good time on her annual gay family cruise by mocking Elisabeth Hasselbeck.
Apparently Ms. O'Donnell has re-entered the third grade and defaced the picture of Ms. Hasselbeck on the ship. She also said some very unkind things about Elisabeth and Donald Trump. What a surprise.
Ridiculous? No doubt. But are you surprised?

