This is a rush transcript from "The O'Reilly Factor," October 10, 2007. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: "Factor" follow-up segment tonight, Brian De Palma, the director of "Scarface" and the "Untouchable" movies, among others, has made a movie called "Redacted," that explicitly shows American soldiers raping and murdering Iraqi civilians. This, while our military is on the battlefield.
The movie was financed by Dallas billionaire Mark Cuban and features some real soldiers whose faces have been covered for legal reasons on the orders of Mr. Cuban.
Now De Palma doesn't like that. And at the New York Film Festival this week, a verbal brawl broke out with one of Cuban's men.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BRIAN DE PALMA, FILM DIRECTOR: Well, "Redacted" is in fact the montage of the photographs at the end. I have nothing to do with that. The film was submitted to all the film festivals unredacted. But because Mark Cuban, the man that financed this movie, was disturbed by the photographs...
EAMON BOWLES, MAGNOLIA PICTURES: That's not true.
DE PALMA: Excuse me?
BOWLES: That's not true.
DE PALMA: Who's he? Who is that?
BOWLES: Eamon Bowles from Magnolia Pictures.
DE PALMA: Well, I'm sorry, Eamon, I have direct testimony to that. In any event, I am protesting it. And I'm trying to get the pictures unredacted.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now here's how vile this man is, this De Palma man is. Those pictures that he's talking about are dead American soldiers, many of whom had been brutalized, cut up.
De Palma wants to use the real dead soldiers in his vile film. Joining us now from Southern California, Holly McClure, a film critic and author of the book, "Death by Entertainment: Exposing Hollywood's Seductive Power Over You and Your Family."
I think Brian De Palma, to me, is the worst Hollywood person I have ever come across. I have never seen anyone worse. And that's going a lot. That's saying a lot.
We have brave men and women on the battlefield fighting for their lives. He wants to put out a movie that would incite anti-American feeling all over the world. Remember, a cruel depiction of rape and murder by our forces. All right? And the people who actually did this in real life are in life serving life in prison. And he wants to use real soldiers who were executed in Iraq. What do think about all that?
HOLLY MCCLURE, AUTHOR OF THE BOOK "DEATH BY ENTERTAINMENT": I think, first of all, it's very anti-American. I do. I think that it is also anti for our military. And you know, De Palma is famous. And I mean, his "Scarface" poster is still — adorns the walls and doors of teens and 20-somethings who still think that's the cool factor.
So he had kind of a following with the younger men, and especially the men 20-somethings. But I think he's really taking a wrong turn here. And on another note, I really don't believe that that whole little coup that happened at the film festival with a producer, Bill, whether you have the president of a studio sitting in on a film press junket at a film festival...
O'REILLY: No, it wasn't a president.
MCCLURE: That never happens.
O'REILLY: It was one of Cuban's guys. Now Mark Cuban...
MCCLURE: Well...
O'REILLY: ...he sent us an e-mail and explained why he took the faces of the dead soldiers out of the movie. And we think that Cuban made an awful mistake financing this movie, he had to know what was in it.
MCCLURE: Yes.
O'REILLY: But at least he did the decent thing here.
But this De Palma, now I don't know what to do about this. I have to tell the audience. I don't believe in censorship. I don't want anything bad to happen to De Palma. But this is so awful...
MCCLURE: It is.
O'REILLY: ...that I'm going to call for the VFW to — if — I don't think it's going to get a distributor. I don't think you're going to see it. But if any American theatres plays it...
MCCLURE: Well who's going to go see it?
O'REILLY: ...I'm going to — nobody will go. It won't make any money.
MCCLURE: Who's going to go? Who wants to go see a 14-year-old (INAUDIBLE) raped?
O'REILLY: But the fact that somebody would put it out there, somebody that would put it out there. But it will be out on the Internet. And every jihadist in the world will be able to see it. And this could lead to the deaths of Americans. There's cause-and-effect for all of this stuff.
But I don't know. I mean, I'm calling for the VFW, if it does get distributed to come out, you know, and demonstrate against it. Americans should show their ire about this kind of a thing. But...
MCCLURE: Well, I think there's a lot of networks, too, that parents can do. There's a lot of film sites and parental sites in places where people can go in and cast their vote against this film and like you say, against the distributor.
And another thing, Bill. When you make a movie, it's a long process. When you put the film together, the producers, the money backers, the directors, they're very hands on involved in making a film.
I'm kind of confused how De Palma didn't seem to understand or know that his pictures were being covered or that things were being tampered with. I don't buy it. That's just not true.
O'REILLY: Well...
MCCLURE: The directors are so hands so with the film, there's no way he didn't know what was going on.
O'REILLY: I have to tell you that the Cuban — Mark Cuban world, pretty chaotic world. So I think De Palma...
MCCLURE: Yes.
O'REILLY: ...thought he could get away with this. And those pictures of the dead soldiers are on the Internet. You know, but everything's on the Internet. But that doesn't mean...
MCCLURE: But don't you think it's to mark the advantage to protest it publicly and act like he's appalled at this? I can't buy the fact that he didn't know those pictures were there.
O'REILLY: Look, I said to Mr. Cuban quite directly, he made a terrible mistake in doing this. He was thinking about distributing a 9/11 conspiracy movie, another terrible mistake. I don't know — I can't get the man's mind, but at least he did the right thing here.
But Brian De Palma is a true villain.
MCCLURE: Yes, he is.
O'REILLY: He's a true villain in our country.
MCCLURE: And we can speak out against him. And we can...
O'REILLY: Absolutely.
MCCLURE: ...speak out against him and vote with our ticket and lack of buying a ticket. That's how we can vote.
O'REILLY: All right, Ms. McClure, thanks very much.


