
BILL O'REILLY, HOST: "Impact" segment tonight, Hollywood film director Bob Clark, best known for the movies "A Christmas Story" and "Porky's" was killed last Wednesday by an illegal alien drunk driver. Also killed, his 22-year-old son Ariel.
Apparently Mr. Clark was driving down the Pacific Coast highway, when 24-year-old Hector Velasquez Nava swerved into his lane and hit him head on. Nava had a misdemeanor record. And because L.A. is a sanctuary city, again, authorities didn't report him to ICE.
Joining us now from Los Angeles, Michael Levine, a former publicist for Bob Clark and Doug McIntyre, radio talk show host on KABC.
Nava himself is all right. He had a passenger in the car. I guess they're in the hospital, but they survived the crash. But Doug, this is not unusual in Los Angeles, which is perhaps the most anarchic city in the country when it comes to illegal immigration — criminal illegal immigration.
DOUG MCINTYRE, TALK RADIO SHOW HOST: You're absolutely right, Bill. We encourage it. The day after the Madrid bombings on March 12, 2003, the L.A. City Council unanimously passed an expansion of matriculation consular cards to any nation in the world that would take is up on it, including Morocco, or Syria or Lebanon.
And as a result, we opened an office of immigrant affairs in city halls, making no distinction between illegal and legal. So we threw the welcome mat down.
And of course, the local media acts — is driving the getaway car here because they won't report. And then they use the fact that there's no hard data on how many illegals are involved in these crimes as the reason why we shouldn't do anything about it, because they say well, you can't cite stats. However, North Carolina, they cite stats that illegal drivers cause three to one the number of drunk driving accidents in the state of North Carolina. That was in "The Charlotte Observer" just recently. Three to one. Those are hard numbers.
So it's an epidemic across the country. We lose more Americans every year to crimes and drunk driving, including murder by illegal immigrants in this country, than we lost on 9/11. And you have local municipalities look the other way.
O'REILLY: Now "The L.A. Times" ran a series of articles on Bob Clark, though. And they did mention that the — Nava, this guy Nava is an illegal alien. Did it get the coverage when you said that the media is driving the getaway car. Did this story get the coverage it should have gotten?
MCINTYRE: Well, you know, I don't believe so. "The Times" has improved its coverage in this area. But Bill, this is the same newspaper that a year and a half ago used the phrase "surreptitious immigrant." And I'm not making that up.
So there's a bottomless reserve of euphemisms. But we had another incident just the — Friday morning, 3:00 in the morning. A car going on the wrong way on the 134 in Glendale. Plowed into somebody, killed. We won't know for days who the driver was.
But it happens with such frequency. And the local governments, the municipalities, prevent the collection of data at emergency rooms, at classrooms, virtually all government services.
O'REILLY: Yes, well, that's what a sanctuary city is.
MCINTYRE: Yes.
O'REILLY: That's what happened in Virginia Beach.
MCINTYRE: Exactly.
O'REILLY: You don't ask. You don't tell. And then these people roam around. Now Michael.
MCINTYRE: Then the question is who does he work for, too? Who employs him?
O'REILLY: Michael, Mr. Clark, you did publicity for him. What can you tell us about him and his son?
MICHAEL LEVINE, BOB CLARK'S FMR PUBLICIST: Well, it's nauseating, Bill. I mean, he was a very talented and gentle man, a man who was frankly underappreciated by our industry. But this happened.
And there's been silence. The mayor, the city council, the supervisors, "The L.A. Times" have all said nothing. And if Fluffy the cat had gotten murdered that day, the city would have closed down. It's a nauseating, grotesque injustice that this man was killed and his son was killed.
O'REILLY: Well, you know, it's interesting when you say nobody said anything, because the police commissioner of Los Angeles, Bill Bratton, used to be here in New York, actually reinforced.
LEVINE: That's right.
O'REILLY: ...last week that his department wasn't going to do anything.
LEVINE: You bet.
O'REILLY: ...to report criminal illegal aliens. Nothing.
LEVINE: Look, Bill, two people are dead. Who should we see about that? And the politicians don't get it. This would not have happened — in fact, if this were a moral society, this family should be able to sue the federal government for criminal neglect. Of course, it won't happen.
MCINTYRE: And also local government.
LEVINE: You bet, you bet.
MCINTYRE: Because you see this is a local law enforcement issue. And you know, I heard the argument, Bill, your conversation with Geraldo. But Geraldo's argument is as empty as Al Capone's vault.
Because the simple reality is here that if we have lost the will as a nation to deport felonies, you know, felonious illegal immigrants, then the jig is up.
O'REILLY: OK, but this isn't — neither of these guys involved now, Ramos in Virginia Beach and Nava in L.A., were felons. They were low level beefs. Not low level to me, because DUI I don't think that's a low level beef.
MCINTYRE: No.
O'REILLY: But my program calls for any crime by an illegal alien to be immediately adjudicated. And if they go to jail, they serve their term and get deported. If they don't get sentenced to jail like this guy did in Virginia Beach, this judge let him out unconscionably, Whitehurst, to kill these two teenagers, and then they're out of here.
Because look, as bad as the illegal immigration is, there are good people who come here and they're just trying to feed their families. We all understand that. But once you commit a crime, in addition to breaking the law coming here, critical mass has been reached. And you know Michael you live down in L.A. for a long time. I don't get why there isn't more outrage in town.
LEVINE: Yes. Bill, it's nauseating. It is just nauseating. I don't either. And again, I make the point that if Fluffy the cat had gotten.
O'REILLY: No, if it was an animal that was abused, yes, everybody would be out there. Believe me.
LEVINE: The city would have been closed down.
O'REILLY: Let me ask — and I only have 30 seconds left, Doug. Why isn't there more? I know there is on KABC where you work, but why isn’t there.
MCINTYRE: There is outrage, but you see, the two-party system is collapsed. You have the Republicans selling out to corporate as cheap labor and the Democrats selling out for customers, for social welfare programs and demographic futures for city council races.
So there's no palliative. There's no political brake pedal for the outraged to be expressed. And that's the frustration. And elections come and go. And it doesn't matter who you vote for. You get the same result.
O'REILLY: All right, gentlemen, thanks very much. We appreciate it.



