Same song, different child molester.
You may remember last year, Vermont Judge Edward Cashman sentenced a man who sexually abused a 6-year-old girl over a four year period to 60 days in jail — 60 days.
Cashman wanted rehab for the predator, but after our reporting, he had to up the sentence to three years — still far too lenient.
Now, the Vermont media supported Cashman and attacked me, saying all kinds of nasty things. Well, hear comes deja vu.
On Friday, we broke the story of Judge David Howard, who accepted a plea deal from 37-year-old Andrew James. James molested a 4-year-old boy in a terrible way. Judge Howard gave him probation and treatment:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JESSE WATTERS, FOX PRODUCER: Hey, judge, Jesse Watters with the FOX News Channel. How are you doing? Can I talk to you for a second about?
DAVID HOWARD, JUDGE: No, no.
WATTERS: That guy sexually assaulted a 4-year-old and you didn't give him any jail time. Can you explain that, sir? Don't you think you owe us an explanation? What, you don't believe in punishment? Judge, don't you think you need to — owe us an explanation?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, today, the corrupt Vermont media sprung into action. Again, The Times Argus newspaper said, "Another year, another national condemnation of Vermont by right-wing cable talk show host Bill O'Reilly... O'Reilly... called for a national boycott of Vermont."
Well, that's a lie. I have not called for a boycott of Vermont, but I am calling for a boycott of The Times Argus, a dishonest enterprise.
The Bennington Banner, which did no original reporting on the James case while it was in motion, even though it happened in its backyard, said this: "Everyone in the news business knows O'Reily's reputation for slanting, smearing and sensationalizing."
Then there's former Vermont Associated Press writer Chris Graff, who was fired from his job last year. He said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CHRIS GRAFF, FMR. VT AP BUREAU CHIEF: What the leaders of Vermont are saying is that they think that Bill O'Reilly doesn't know what he's talking about.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, if I don't know what I'm talking about, set me straight, right? Where exactly are we misreporting?
The truth is that we have told the truth.
Vermont prosecutor Andrew Costello didn't want to take the case to trial because he thought the little boy would not be a good witness. But there are other witnesses, as we explained. And Costello hid out — hid out — when we traveled to Vermont to talk with him.
Once again, Vermont is a restorative justice state. It believes the most heinous criminals should be rehabilitated. Its legislature voted down Jessica's Law shortly after that horrific 60-day sentence from Judge Cashman.
Are my facts wrong on that? Are they?
Vermont is a perfect example of a state held hostage by a corrupt secular progressive power structure that is bringing shame on what was once an outstanding place to live.
You want to debate putting a 4-year old on the stand? We're up for that debate. You want to put a violent, convicted felon child molester back on the street without a court fight? We're not up for that.
And that, ladies and gentlemen, is the disgrace of Vermont.
And that's the Memo.
Most Ridiculous Item
We have an offer you might not be able to refuse. At least I hope you can't!
On billoreilly.com, we have thousands of premium members who, for a small — and I mean small — fee get a bunch of special stuff. One of those perks is the weekly "back stage conversation," where they ask me questions and I answer them in my No Spin style.
No one else, besides premium members, gets to see the back stage conversation. Until now. For the next few days, everybody can see the special feature, because we want to you sign up for premium membership.
So go to billoreilly.com. Check out the "Back Stage Conversation," and let me know if it's ridiculous. This offer is just for this week.

