Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly. Thanks for watching us tonight. CNN goes over to the dark side. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
Every weekday, we do three hours of commentary, two on the radio, one on TV. And every day, the far left smear website Media Matters takes that commentary out of context and feeds the defamation out to the public.
Media Matters, which acts in concert with the now notorious MoveOn, has labeled me anti-black, anti-Hispanic, homophobic, and anti-Semitic. I'm sure I'll be a member of the Manson family shortly.
Of course, this is all nonsense. And we usually ignore it, until it is picked up by the so-called "mainstream media". Elements at NBC News have made a living parroting Media Matters garbage. And now sadly, CNN has jumped into the swamp.
Recently on "The Radio Factor," I did an hour on how racism is dumb, how it is driven by fear. And I even used my own late grandmother as an example.
Now you can hear that radio hour on billoreilly.com. It's very interesting discussion. And we didn't hear one complaint about the program that ran on more than 400 radio stations.
Well, yesterday, Media Matters distorted the entire conversation and implied I was racist for condemning racism. Stunningly, CNN echoed the defamation on at least three of its programs.
The reason CNN did this is because its ratings are abysmal. It is getting hammered by FOX News. So they're desperate for attention. And smearing me is one way to get it.
Unfortunately, many in CNN's audience have no idea what I said. And some believe the garbage they are hearing.
Now I talked to CNN last night before that program. It was obvious they didn't listen to "The Radio Factor." So I explained the deal. They went ahead with the racism angle anyway. This is dishonest and dangerous. If a slime machine like Media Matters can get its far left propaganda on CNN and NBC News, the nation is in trouble.
"Talking Points" has said many times on this broadcast that we respect CNN. We didn't attack them in any way. And in the past, they have been responsible. But this is absurd. The Media Matters defamation was also picked up by the local ABC affiliate here in New York City. Again, totally irresponsible.
Finally, CNN did a documentary a few weeks ago by Christiane Amanpour. In that documentary, Ms. Amanpour put forth that religion has caused a lot of pain in the world. Now some considered her presentation anti-Semitic and anti-Christian. We could have easily hammered CNN and Ms. Amanpour. It would have been simple to do that. But we did not. They reported, the audience is smart enough to decide if anti-religion bias was present.
Failure leads to desperation. "The Factor" has been number one for six consecutive years and defeats our cable news competition combined. The other cable news outlets are ratings disasters.
Last night, "The Factor" had six times as many viewers as CNN at 8;00 p.m. But that is no excuse for being dishonest.
And that's the Memo.
Pinheads & Patriots
Time now for "Pinheads and Patriots". And I'm a pinhead because I said that McGowan was the general manager of the San Francisco Giants. He's the owner. But he is the guy that threw bonds overboard.
Now as you may know, I believe the ACLU is one of the most dangerous organizations in the country, it wants to wipe out all spirituality in the marketplace, wants open borders, soft on anti-terror measures. Generally, the ACLU wants a secular-progressive nation.
Now last Friday night, I spoke before the Alliance Defense Fund in Colorado Springs. That organization has been set up to counter the ACLU. Now has more than 1,000 lawyers on that case.
The leader of the ADF is Alan Sears, who I believe is a patriot. Might want to check out www.AllianceDefenseFund.org and see if you agree.
On the pinhead front, actor Kevin Spacey spent three hours visiting Hugo Chavez in Venezuela. Spacey then sat for a propaganda photo-op, boosting up this tyrant. The reason Spacey is in Venezuela is for a cultural exchange with that program — but it doesn't matter. For consorting with anti-American Chavez, Spacey is a pinhead.

