This is a rush transcript from "The O'REILLY Factor," September 13, 2007. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.
BILL O'REILLY, HOST: "Back of the Book" segment tonight, the first edition of "The Dhue Point." This woman is your new best friend. She is "The Factor" ombudswoman. That is, if you have a beef, a question, a comment, she will represent your point of view in the "Dhue Point" segment every Thursday.
Laurie Dhue joins us now.
How do you feel about this new powerful role? Because you're the folks' spokesperson. If they have a beef with me, they go through you.
LAURIE DHUE, "FACTOR" OMBUDSWOMAN: And a lot of people have a beef with you, Bill.
O'REILLY: I'm sure that's true.
DHUE: I'm just grateful that you didn't call me the ombuds-babe.
O'REILLY: No, I would not do that.
DHUE: Ombudswoman.
O'REILLY: Ombudswoman. We want you to have credibility.
So we have — we got almost a thousand letters just promoting this.
DHUE: I know.
O'REILLY: And you picked out three.
DHUE: We did. And I think it's probably the catchy name "Dhue Point" that people like, which you actually thought of.
O'REILLY: Well, they like you. They watch you on the weekend, and they like you. Go ahead.
DHUE: All right. So let's launch in. OK.
Question No. 1 from a viewer in Shoreham New York: "Because 'The Factor' is so highly viewed and Bill seems to showcase the likes of Anna Nicole Smith and Britney Spears, does he bear responsibility for lowering the morals and values of the country, or is he just reporting?" That's from Debra Handel from Shoreham, New York.
O'REILLY: All right, well, you just saw a commercial for Hardee's. OK.
DHUE: Yes.
O'REILLY: We just showed you that, and we have an obligation to tell the viewer what's happening in their country. To ignore an Anna Nicole Smith, which is now dominating headlines all over the country, dominating all of the television entertainment programs, to ignore it and to ignore the cultural deterioration that's happening everywhere, is irresponsible.
What am I supposed to do? I have to report what's happening in the country.
DHUE: I think that the writer was complaining about the fact that you guys showed this video, the video that we just showed again...
O'REILLY: That happens.
DHUE: ... several times and MTV only showed it once.
Now, I happen to agree here. I don't have a problem with you showing that video, because you're demonstrating a point here.
O'REILLY: Yes, I mean, look, the reason you show it — right. And people come in and out of the program. I mean, it's like there are millions who watch it, but they come in, they come out, and they go, "Well, what is he talking about?" That kind of a thing.
DHUE: But you've got to know that, with that video...
O'REILLY: Yes.
DHUE: ... and with the Hardee's ad that you showed and the Carl's Jr. ad...
O'REILLY: Yes.
DHUE: ... you're going to get more eyeballs, frankly. You're going to get more people watching.
O'REILLY: We always want a lot of people watching, but these are culture war segments. And we're — I wrote a book on it. Come on.
DHUE: That's right. That's right. And I think Britney, frankly, ought to cool it. And she ought to do a few more sit-ups before she wears an outfit like that.
O'REILLY: Oh, come on, Dhue. Be a little charitable here.
DHUE: OK. Let's move on to question No. 2.
O'REILLY: Wow.
DHUE: All right. We've got to — you know, I've got to establish a precedent here on the first one.
All right. Question No. 2, "I have defended you many times, but the way you treated Congressman Ron Paul the other night was unacceptable. Didn't your mom tell you how unbecoming it is to interrupt someone you have asked a question to?"
O'REILLY: All right. We got a couple of these letters from Ron Paul fanatics. And you can see the Ron Paul interview. Go to BillOReilly.com. We'll link it right over.
I interrupted the congressman when he didn't answer the question. I've been here 11 years. How long have I done that, Dhue?
DHUE: From day one.
O'REILLY: Eleven years.
DHUE: That's a long time.
O'REILLY: So this pinhead writing in doesn't get it? All right? If I ask a question...
DHUE: Why are you yelling at me?
O'REILLY: I'm yelling at him. You're the ombudswoman. I have to go through you.
DHUE: OK. Fine.
O'REILLY: If I ask a question and they dodge it, they're going to get cut off. That's the no spin zone.
DHUE: It's true.
However, I do have to say, in reviewing the tape very carefully a couple of times, you did interrupt him twice. You did not let him finish his thought. And I think it's because you truly could not see where he was coming from on a couple of different...
O'REILLY: He started to give a history lesson. We didn't have time for it. You know that.
DHUE: And obviously, you two disagreed about Iran.
O'REILLY: I don't care about the disagreement.
DHUE: Well, he didn't see it as a big threat and you were trying to point out this is a big threat.
O'REILLY: One more time. I have a six-minute window. If Ron Paul wants to give me 20 minutes on the history of the Middle East, I can't let him.
All right. One more question to go. One more minute.
DHUE: All right. But at one point I did feel sorry for Ron Paul.
O'REILLY: But you feel sorry for everybody.
DHUE: He kind of looked...
O'REILLY: You feel sorry for Shepard Smith.
DHUE: He kind of looked like Barney Fife there for a second I have to say.
O'REILLY: All right.
DHUE: All right. Now third question: "I would like to know how Bill O'Reilly can berate Ludacris when his favorite rock singer was, and still is, Jim Morrison. Doesn't this demonstrate that Bill is really a hypocrite?"
Obviously, Mr. Hart wants to know...
O'REILLY: Yes, all right.
DHUE: ... why you like Jim Morrison, because he wrote about drugs.
O'REILLY: So what? Then the Beatles we have to hate. All right? We can't play Beatles songs. We can't play Doors songs. There's a difference between innuendo, which was what Morrison, the Beatles, the Stones, OK, and Ludacris, who says, "Hey, you M-F-er."
Hey, there's a difference. OK? And if you don't get it, you don't get it.
DHUE: yes.
O'REILLY: That's it.
DHUE: Well, I would have to agree. And you have always said that 10- year-olds are quoting Ludacris' lyrics.
O'REILLY: They are. And it's explicit, and it's wrong.
DHUE: And it's a lot more dangerous than Jim Morrison singing about the crystal ship, which was LSD.
O'REILLY: Laurie Dhue, everybody. You can reach Ms. Dhue at DhuePoint@FOXNews.com. She'll be here every Thursday.
DHUE: I hate that picture that you just used.
O'REILLY: All right. We'll change. Whatever picture you have, we'll have.
Watch "The O'REILLY Factor" weeknights at 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. ET and listen to the "Radio Factor!"


