New York Governor Eliot Spitzer has backed off his plan to give illegal aliens the unrestricted right to drive because the outcry over that rocked his office in Albany. 72 percent of New Yorkers oppose Spitzer's plan to allow undocumented people licenses.
That's because it would be easy for a terrorist to present a phony passport, get the license, and then set up shop in the USA beyond the reach of Homeland Security. "The Factor" has documented that frightening scenario.
But Governor Spitzer remains unrepentant, lashing out at one of his main critics.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GOV. ELIOT SPITZER: It's beneath me, it's beneath my office to in any way involve myself and Lou Dobbs. And I think that his known spread of the venom is beneath CNN as well.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now we've asked Governor Spitzer to discuss the situation with us. So far, he has declined.
In support of Spitzer's plan to license illegals, The New York Times called him brave and his opponents nasty. The ultra liberal newspaper says that Spitzer's reversal offends "a whole segment of pro-immigration New Yorkers."
Well, I'm pro-immigration. I believe America should offer opportunity to foreigners who obey the rules and want to work hard. I want to continue our tradition of welcoming people who believe America is the land of opportunity. But I want it done in an orderly disciplined way. Call me crazy.
The New York Times and other liberal media object to the discipline. They oppose border barriers, the immediate deportation of aliens convicted of crimes, the registration of people here illegally.
The most extreme elements in this country want open borders, blanket amnesty, and entitlements for foreign nationals who have come here illegally, and generally want to change the demographic in the USA so political power can be assumed by the left. That is the end game.
There is no question that some who oppose illegal immigration do so because of racial animus, but most of us simply don't want chaos, which is what we have now thanks to incompetent Mexican and U.S. politicians, greedy business people, and dishonest ideologues.
Coming to America illegally is a violation of law. It should not be rewarded with a driver's license or any other privilege or entitlement. Because of federal irresponsibility, those who are here illegally should have a fair hearing. But enough is enough with the race card and dishonest descriptions like "pro immigration".
You're not anti-anything if you support the rule of law. You are responsible.
And that's "The Memo".
Pinheads and Patriots
I know some of you don't care about ratings, but please bear with me for a minute.
The October numbers are in, and "The Factor" was up in every ratings category year-to-year. At 8 p.m. we beat CNN, MSNBC, Headline News and CNBC combined with about a quarter of a million viewers left over. That is unheard of.
So for making that happen, "Factor" viewers are patriots.
On the pinhead front, Jeffrey Immelt, CEO of General Electric, the parent company of NBC, must be crowned. NBC News and Entertainment is getting hammered in the ratings as their shift to the left is a disaster.
But please, Mr. Immelt, don't change a thing.

