Last night we opined that it's almost impossible for you, the American public to get the truth about Iraq and other important issues because propaganda and defamation are overwhelming the facts.
Well, today, the New York Post is reporting The New York Times not only ran this smear advertisement by MoveOn against General Petraeus but The Times gave MoveOn an enormous discount. The smear Web site paid $65,000 for the ad, which usually costs $165,000 according to ad rates secured by the New York Post.
Now late today a Times spokeswoman told “The Factor” there was no discount because MoveOn did not request a certain day for the ad. Floating ads are cheaper at The New York Times, said the woman.
But one cynic isn't buying that, pardon the pun, and said The Times gave MoveOn, quote, "a family discount" because both concerns are far left. But this is a very serious matter. The founders gave the press huge privileges because they wanted you, the American public, to be informed.
For centuries the vast majority of the press was honest. That's why I chose this profession. But now we have some mainstream media actively trying to impose a left-wing ideology on the nation rather than inform them about the facts. The New York Times is clearly an ideological outfit as is NBC News, which routinely takes propaganda from far-left Internet sites and presents it as truth.
The Times and NBC News are the extremes but this kind of stuff is going on all over the place. A few months ago, Dan Rather accused FOX News of taking Republican talking points and putting them on the air. You may remember that flap.
Well, I've been here from the start, 11 years, and never heard of that. So I asked the news managers if any one of them had ever disseminated GOP talking points. They said no. Then I went back to Mr. Rather whom I have known for 27 years, we share an agent, and I asked him to back up his assertion. He said he would appear on “The Factor” and explain.
He has not done that. Then we had Bill Moyers of PBS who routinely promotes a far-left ideology under the guise of reporting. PBS's own ombudsman has called Moyers out and we paid ol' Bill a visit.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I have to ask you about your latest documentary on impeachment. Your own ombudsman said there is a complete absence...
BILL MOYERS, PBS ANCHOR CROSSING STREET: This is no place to do this.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I expect you out here all the time now.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
You can run but you can't hide, Bill. Lawyers can't refute the ombudsman because his bias is so obvious nobody could defend it. So what we have here, to quote "Cool Hand Luke," is failure to communicate. Honestly. How can fair-minded people make fair decisions when they can't get truthful reporting? The New York Times should turn themselves into a magazine. That would be the honest thing to do.
Americans know that The Times is in bed with MoveOn, a radical left organization funded in part by George Soros, who, by the way, can well afford to pay the legitimate rate for a newspaper advertisement. That's “The Memo.”
Pinheads and Patriots
Sergeant Omar Mora and Staff Sergeant Tance Gray were killed in Iraq this week in a truck accident. The sergeants were two of seven soldiers who wrote an article dissenting from how the war in Iraq is being waged.
But the soldiers concluded they were committed to seeing the mission through — a very interesting article. Our condolences to the families of the men, who were true patriots.
Now, on the other end of the spectrum, bomb-throwing comedian Kathy Griffin's award thank you is being cut by the E! Channel, because it's so offensive.
Fair warning. We're going to show you what she said. You might want to change the channel. Roll the tape.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KATHY GRIFFIN, COMEDIAN: A lot of people come up here and they thank Jesus for this award. I want you to know that no one had less to do with this award than Jesus. He didn't help me a bit. If it was up to him, Cesar Milan would be up here with that damn dog.
Suck it, Jesus. This award is my god now.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Ms. Griffin is a pinhead, no doubt.

