No matter what you think about the abortion issue, you should be very disturbed by what continues to happen in Kansas. This man, Dr. George Tiller, known as "Tiller the baby killer" is performing late term abortions without defining the specific medical reasons why.
Let's be more blunt. Tiller is executing fetuses in his Wichita clinic for $5,000. And records show he'll do it for vague medical reasons. That is, he'll kill the fetus --viable outside the womb-- if the mother wants it dead. No danger to the mother's life, no catastrophic damage if the woman delivers.
Now, some Kansas politicians want to stop the madness. But incredibly, Governor Kathleen Sebelius is protecting Tiller -- citing privacy. The governor vetoed a bill a few weeks ago that would have forced Tiller to provide a specific medical reason for destroying a viable fetus.
Now America is a great country but this kind of barbaric display in Kansas diminishes our entire nation. Tiller has killed thousands, thousands of late-term fetuses without explanation. And Governor Sebelius is allowing him to continue the slaughter. How the governor sleeps at night is beyond me.
There are Americans that believe that babies that are about to be born are not human beings. How they form that conclusion is interesting. And only a handful of doctors in the USA who will perform late-term abortions for any reason because doctors know viable life when they see it.
Now a few months ago, we talked with a young woman who allowed Tiller to kill her fetus. Here's part of what she had to say:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KELLY: And about the third or fourth day, the -- Dr. Tiller came in and injected into the amniotic sack saline solution, which suffocated and burned my baby to death. They decide that you are dilated enough and they put you in a wheelchair and wheel you out to another room.
And in this other room, there is basically a toilet. And they told me to sit on the toilet, lean on the nurse, and push. Push my baby into a toilet. And after that, they wheel you into another room to remove all the, you know, afterbirth.
And really that's the only two times I ever saw the doctor was when he injected the saline solution and when he finished the process by removing the afterbirth.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
And the woman was just 14-years old when Tiller operated on her. She is haunted by her decision to this day.
It's ironic that organizations like Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International say nothing about the work of Dr. Tiller. Apparently executing viable fetuses in the womb is OK with the "human rights" people.
Once again, this isn't about a women's right to choose or The New York Times plea for reproductive rights. This is about late term abortions for just about any reason. No question Dr. Tiller has blood on his hands. But now so does Governor Sebelius. She is not fit to serve. Nor is any Kansas politician who supports Tiller's business of destruction. I wouldn't want to be these people if there is a judgment day.
And that's "The Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item
Our good friend Howard Dean was in New York City recently. But he didn't drop in here. Instead, he went to see that Colbert guy.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
STEPHEN COLBERT, "THE COLBERT REPORT": If you had to vote for one of the Republican candidates, who would you vote for? You can talk about them, right?
HOWARD DEAN, DNC CHAIR: I thought about this ahead of time.
COLBERT: Who would it be?
DEAN: If you were to pick Bill O'Reilly to be your running mate I would vote for Steve Colbert and Bill O'Reilly.
COLBERT: I know Papa Bear watches, but I'm not sure whether he would take the vice presidential position. It's not his M.O.
DEAN: And then you could do all the torturing you wanted. Because what does Bill O'Reilly do every night?
COLBERT: I think he might start with you.
DEAN: He would start with me if I would go his show. I come on this show instead because it's much classier.
COLBERT: Thank you very much, sir. His words, not mine, Bill.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
He is a fun guy. And Governor Dean is welcome to come on here any time. We won't torture him. We will just ask him questions.

