Nancy Pelosi's daughter, Alexandra, has produced a documentary entitled "Friends of God." It follows some militant Christians around and through interviews and displays demonstrates their mindset.
Now, Ms. Pelosi's work is similar to the Oscar-nominated documentary, "Jesus Camp" which puts the children of militant Christians on display and that film illustrates intense behavior as well.
With all due respect to the filmmakers, anybody can do that and it proves nothing. I could film militant secular progressives in S&M bars all night long. What does that prove? There will always be people on the fringe, folks who take things too far.
The truth is that most American Christians are sincere people trying to lead good lives. They're not a threat. They're not trying to impose their beliefs on anyone.
But the secular-rogressive movement pretty much ignores those people and concentrates on militant Christianity. Enter New York Times television writer, Alessandra Stanley and Washington Post TV critic, Tom Shales. Both of them consistently use their TV columns to advance a committed left agenda.
Remember, “The Factor” could not find one conservative television writer working for a major American newspaper. Not one.
Anyway, Stanley and Shales should be writing op-ed pieces rather than dishonestly shoving their world vision down people's throats on the TV page. While reviewing Ms. Pelosi's documentary, Stanley writes, "'Friends of God' serves as a breezy, colorful reminder of how George W. Bush became president, why FOX News has the highest ratings of any 24 hour cable news network and why Democrats didn't win an even greater landslide in the 2006 elections."
Ms. Stanley uses her platform to link the president and FOX News in with militant Christians. Another attempt, by Stanley, to marginalize people she doesn't like by asserting a false premise. The woman does this kind of dishonest stuff all the time, ladies and gentlemen, and Tom Shales is Stanley's soul brother, so to speak.
Shales writes, "They call it a culture war. Christians versus the secular progressive movement, a phrase favored by Bill O'Reilly, FOX's nut in residence. Christians versus abortion rights advocates and Christians versus science.""
That's right, Tom, it's those loopy, ignorant Christians who fail to worship at the altar of abortion rights and who reject provable science. Yeah, Tom, you've got those Christians pegged all right. By the way, Shales is getting up there in years and needs new reading glasses. The culture war is between traditionalists and secular-progressives, not Christians and S-Ps. "Culture Warrior" has been a bestseller for 16 weeks, Tom, baby. Read it, learn it, live it.
"Talking Points" has nothing against Alexandra Pelosi's documentary or any other display of Christian militancy. Few people enjoy being harangued by Christian fanatics. My line is unless you can change water into wine at a wedding, don't tell me what to believe. I can decide for myself.
But there's a huge difference between mainstream Christians and the militants. But to the S-P media, we're all the same. Dangerous.
And that's "The Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item
Vice President Dick Cheney showed up on CNN the other day and got a bit ticked off when the subject of his lesbian daughter's pregnancy came up.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
WOLF BLITZER, CNN ANCHOR: Some critics are suggesting, for example, a statement from someone representing Focus on the Family, "Mary Cheney's pregnancy raises the question of what's best for children. Just because it's possible to conceive a child outside of the relationship of a married mother and father doesn't mean it's best for the child." Do you want to respond to that?
DICK CHENEY, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: No, I don't.
BLITZER: She's obviously a good daughter.
CHENEY: I'm delighted. I'm delighted I'm about to have a sixth grandchild, Wolf, and obviously, I think the world of both my daughters and all of my grandchildren. And I think, frankly, you're out of line with that question.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
Now I disagree. The question was legitimate because Cheney is involved in public policy decisions concerning gays. But once the vice president says he doesn't want to talk about personal stuff, that's it. He doesn't have to.
By the way, Mr. Cheney continues to decline our invitations to appear here on the “The Factor", which may be ridiculous. We hope he reconsiders.

