This is a rush transcript from "The O'Reilly Factor," August 2, 2007. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.
BILL O'REILLY, HOST: After we spoke with Senator Dodd yesterday we spoke with Dennis Miller who was listening to the interview. As usual Miller had some insights. Roll the tape.
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
O'REILLY: You know, I am always disappointed when people come on with propaganda like Senator Dodd did. He obviously didn't know what I said about Al Qaeda in San Francisco. Didn't know what program I said it on. It was fed to him. But he and others are defiant and they're going to do what they want to do. Never addressed the picture and the morality of the picture, just kind of sloughed it off like this is not what is prevailing on this Web site, which is just absolutely untrue.
MILLER: Let me tell you you're disappointed in him, as a fan of “The Factor,” and when I'm not on I don't miss a night, I'm a little disappointed that you would give a hack like that a toehold.
These people aren't going to come on and debate on FOX, which is the preeminent cable news organization in this country, if I am to believe your ratings that I read on your Internet, probably eight times what the Daily Kos gets on any given day. For you to let him come in and sandbag you like that, I must tell you as a viewer of “The Factor” I don't need to hear from hacks like Chris Dodd.
O'REILLY: No, no, no. Wait a minute. That's interesting. And I know I'm going to get mail that says you are right on that.
But look, he comes in, and I want people to see him no matter what he said. If he denied, denied, denied, which he did. You would think he was talking about the "Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm" Web site, you know, from his description of it. It was totally inaccurate, totally not true and people can see for themselves.
But I have to present these guys to the American public as best I can. Now certainly, he was challenged every step of the way. But you would not have even used him?
MILLER: He not only has never watched "The Factor," he's never read the Daily Kos. He's a guy who's looking up in the Iditarod of the Democratic primary process at Dennis Kucinich's behind in front of him. He could speak at his dining room table and only 50 percent of the family would show up.
And I don't need him on air unless he wants to talk about something substantive, which he didn't. He just wanted to whip off his glove and smack you in the face, because at this Daily Kos thing next week that's going to make him a big man.
O'REILLY: OK. I agree with you.
MILLER: You know something? I just don't need to see it.
O'REILLY: But don't you think most people see that? Don't you think that when he comes on and does that and got smacked right back — all right — and I didn't like to do that to a sitting senator, I have to tell the audience. It does not give me pleasure, but I certainly have to do it.
Don't you think the audience then does exactly what you do, sees through it, knows the game, and then basically says this is what is going there?
MILLER: No. I don't think most of your audience does. I think you would be better off having Kucinich on. Because as much as I am not voting for Dennis Kucinich, I have to admire that he takes a stand and says his piece.
O'REILLY: He is welcome at any time. But this is...
MILLER: This guy had nothing. Bill, this guy had nothing except standing up to you, who they assume to be the symbol of the right wing and all that. And he was boring. He was tedious. He doesn't know anything about you.
O'REILLY: And it will be interesting to see if people agree with you or not. I think it's worthy to put them on. And I think it's worthy, when they spout stuff that isn't true, to challenge them. And I don't think it was a boring segment, Dennis. I've got to...
MILLER: I don't think it was boring. But I think...
O'REILLY: Everybody is going to be talking about it tomorrow. But you may have a point. Putting on — and I didn't know he was going to be dishonest. I actually thought he would engage in the picture. Because he knows Lieberman for 30 years. Yes, he turned on Lieberman in the election. But you're right, he pandered. And so he could get an "atta boy" when he goes into this hateful thing over the weekend.
MILLER: Yes. He'll be a big guy. You know something?
O'REILLY: NO, he won't.
MILLER: That convention is a loser fest. I mean, there are hookers who have put an embargo on that convention.
O'REILLY: All right. Now Miller, you know your radio show you do every day? Three hours, right.
MILLER: Yes.
O'REILLY: I think I can get you Chris Dodd to come on. Would you like to have him as a guest some time this week?
MILLER: Listen, if I want somebody who drones on like that I'll put up a test pattern, my friend.
O'REILLY: So that's a no?
MILLER: Don't want him. Not interested. Tedious.
O'REILLY: Yes, I'm going to really be interested to see the e-mails that come in overnight on whether I should have booked him or not. I bet you — you know what? It's going to be interesting to see. We'll read them tomorrow.
Dennis Miller everybody. Check him out on the radio. Stay away from him if you see him in person.



