10 days after some transvestites invaded a Catholic church and took communion dressed as nuns, "The San Francisco Chronicle" finally covered the story.
The front page article was largely sympathetic, both to the gay militants and to the archbishop who gave them communion. In fact, the only person criticized in the piece was me, as Mayor Gavin Newsom said, "This debate is really about San Francisco values. The Bill O'Reillys of the world are threatened by San Francisco because we value diversity, universal health care and civil rights for all."
Newsom didn't criticize the sacrilege. In fact, he didn't even address it. He just attacked me. But throwing in universal health care was a nice, don't you think?
The article went on to quote some people who said the archbishop was correct in giving the gay militants communion. Then why did he apologize for doing it? The article doesn't say.
Finally, the gay group who perpetuated this outrage has issued a statement. "Contrary to the spin of right-wing fanatics, [the] Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence do not 'mock nuns,' but live 'as nuns', taking vows that affirm the traditional compassionate and justice-seeking ministries of religious women."
That is yet another outrageous lie. The truth is the militant group denigrates Christians at every opportunity. And the names the transvestite nuns use are often obscene. I can't even tell you what they are.
Now their invasion of a religious service in San Francisco with intent to demean could have been illegal and was absolutely disgraceful. Yet the mayor won't condemn it. And the local press condones it. This is what happens, ladies and gentlemen, when secular progressives gain power. We've seen the insanity in Boulder, Colorado and over and over again in San Francisco. Gavin Newsom couldn't care less about civil rights for all. Catholics in his town don't even have the right to worship without obscene interruption. Newsom is frightened by the gay militants who now control the city. He is a coward.
What has happened in San Francisco should be a warning to all Americans. If far-left loons gain power, watch out. They are the oppressors. They are the totalitarians. Truth means nothing. The sanctity of a church means nothing. The rights of Christians and other groups that oppose the secular society mean nothing.
My book "Culture Warriors" spells it out, but this church invasion underlines the issue in a way that is both frightening and illuminating. Newsom and his S-P crew must be challenged.
Pinheads and Patriots
Time now for "Pinheads and Patriots" in Greenville County, South Carolina.
Betsy DeVall stopped her car on some train tracks. Unfortunately, a train was coming, and Ms. DeVall seemed oblivious to that. There she is with the police officer.
So Greer Police Officer Marcus O'Shields had to pull the woman from her car, which was then destroyed by the oncoming train. Obviously, Officer O'Shields is a patriot. And we suspect Ms. DeVall is a pinhead. Just sitting there on the tracks.
But so is Congressman Ron Paul, who said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. RON PAUL (R-TX), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: How often should I go on the Bill O'Reilly show? You know, I don't care what the questions are, but just let me give an answer. The last time I was on the O'Reilly show I started mentioning something about history. "We don't want to hear about any history."
(END VIDEO CLIP)
What the congressman said was true. I wouldn't allow him to give a history lesson for two reasons. First, he was dodging my questions on Iran, couldn't answer them. And second, the segment was seven minutes long, not 60 minutes.
Filibustering and excessive bloviating are always shut down in the "No Spin Zone". If I did not do that, I'd be a pinhead.

