A new Ward Churchill, this one using race-based hatred. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
You may have seen the comic strip "Mallard Fillmore" mocking the race insanity currently embedded into the political scene. Cartoonist Tinsley has really nailed this.
Now last week it was Hillary Clinton saying that hardworking white people were supporting her more than Barack Obama. For some, that was a racial comment. You can decide the validity of that.
But there is no question that race hustlers are emerging in force this election cycle. It's ironic because Barack Obama has done a great job of not exploiting race. He never speaks exclusively to one group. Good for him.
Now one of the worst race-baiters in the country teaches at Syracuse University. His name is Boyce Watkins. He has called Juan Williams a "happy negro." On his homepage, Watkins cites his job at Syracuse four times and uses his position at the university to tout his credibility.
Nevertheless, Syracuse has not condemned Watkins for his obvious race-baiting, and will not issue a statement on the matter. So, "Factor" producer Porter Berry went to see Syracuse chancellor Dr. Nancy Cantor.
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
PORTER BERRY, "FACTOR" PRODUCER: Chancellor Cantor, my name's Porter Berry. I'm with "The O'Reilly Factor" with FOX News. I wanted to ask you a couple questions about Boyce Watkins, one of your professors. Is he using…
DR. NANCY CANTOR, SYRACUSE CHANCELLOR: You know what? I'm on my way…
BERRY: He's using the university…
CANTOR: He is not using the university. He speaks for himself, not the university.
BERRY: He is calling Juan Williams…
CANTOR: You know what I would like for you…
BERRY: He is saying Bill O'Reilly wants to lynch Michelle Obama and using the good name of Syracuse University to spread these kinds of lies.
CANTOR: This is an individual speaking for himself.
BERRY: Do you want to speak for the university? Is the university responsible?
CANTOR: This is an individual speaking for himself, not for the university.
BERRY: But he is using his position at the university and the good name of the university.
CANTOR: I will keep repeating. This is an individual speaking for himself, not for the university.
BERRY: He said, "Juan Williams, the eternal happy negro who conspires to provide black validation for racist viewpoints."
CANTOR: Sir, you can keep repeating this.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
Now Watkins is just one of many race hustlers seeking to use the presidential contest to push a radical agenda. Like Ward Churchill at the University of Colorado, Watkins hides behind academic freedom in his villainous pursuits. But Syracuse University should have academic standards, and it apparently does not. Again, Watkins is using the university as cover.
"Talking Points" expects a vicious campaign this fall, even though Senators McCain and Obama are not defamers. The bile will not come from them. Instead, fanatical surrogates will spread the hate. Our job will be to expose these people wherever we find them. There is no place for race hatred in this country.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
We hear rocker Jon Bon Jovi is a good guy, raising big money for worthwhile charities. Bon Jovi and others have done another good deed, $3.3 million for St. Elizabeth's Residence in Philadelphia, which helps the addicted homeless, including vets, get back on their feet. For this, Jon Bon Jovi is a patriot.
And for this, Clinton guy Terry McAuliffe is taking some jazz.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
TERRY MCAULIFFE, CLINTON CAMPAIGN: It's not impossible for Hillary Clinton to win. A lot of people have said that. Big Russ, if he were sitting here today, nothing's impossible. Jack McAuliffe, if you're with us today — they are probably both in heaven right now, Tim. Probably having a scotch, looking down and saying, "You know what? This fight goes on. It's good for the Democratic Party." Millions of people coming out to vote. It's exciting.
TIM RUSSERT, HOST, "MEET THE PRESS": Big Russ is in the Barcalounger still watching this. God bless him.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Big Russ is Russert's father, and he's still alive. Tonight, Mr. McAuliffe is a pinhead.

