This is a rush transcript from "The O'Reilly Factor," November 24, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.

LAURA INGRAHAM, GUEST HOST: In the "Personal Story" segment tonight: According to a report in the L.A. Times, some gay rights supporters in Hollywood may be starting a blacklist against people who supported traditional marriage by giving money to Prop 8 advocates.
Joining us now from Los Angeles is Andrew Breitbart, publisher of Breitbart.com, and one of a handful of conservatives who are brave enough to speak out in Hollywood. Andrew, great to see you.
Click here to watch the segment.
ANDREW BREITBART, BREITBART.COM: Hey, Laura. How are you?
INGRAHAM: I remember when George Clooney was telling us that, you know, the biggest threat to mankind, you know, a few decades back was the blacklisting in Hollywood of people who dared to question authority. And so is this actually happening now on the other side of the political fence?
BREITBART: Well, this is a more conspicuous form of blacklisting. It happens for conservatives every single day in Hollywood. This FEC search mechanism is a way that the left, the activist left, not specifically gay groups, because there are a lot of gay people who are against gay marriage. There are a lot of people who think that it should be up for debate.
But this is the same group of people back in the 1980s, Michelangelo Signorile, who started OutWeek magazine, who started to out people who were actually gay who didn't agree with the activist left agenda for the gay community. So what's happening right now is those schoolyard bullies are back, playing a bigger game on a bigger playground.
INGRAHAM: Right.
BREITBART: Yes.
INGRAHAM: What are they actually doing? What's being done to people who have given to Prop 8? Because I know the San Francisco Chronicle is allowing people who go to their Web site to find out who gave to what Prop 8 groups.
BREITBART: It's there. That's exactly what they are doing. Scott Eckern, who is the musical — the director of the California Musical Theater, had his name initially exposed, and he had to step down. To me that's an effective blacklist.
El Coyote restaurant in Los Angeles, the floor manager, not the owner but the floor manager, gave $100. And people started to protest El Coyote restaurant. So it's not just about blacklisting. It's blacklisting entire institutions if somebody is associated with it.
My father-in-law, who was blacklisted in the 1950s for being a communist, is a Christian now, believes in the sanctity of marriage, of the definition between a man and a woman, and they are protesting his theater in Venice, California.
INGRAHAM: So right now there clearly is no real free speech in Hollywood. There's no political free speech. If major Hollywood executives don't speak out against this intimidation, they have no credibility. I don't want to see another movie about the blacklist of the 1940s and '50s. I don't want to see it again coming out of Hollywood. They have no credibility with me. None.
BREITBART: Well, what's so important about this issue right now is that George Clooney is silent, and secondly, President-elect Barack Obama is against gay marriage. Joe Biden, Vice President-elect Joe Biden is against gay marriage. So were Bill and Hillary Clinton when they implemented don't ask, don't tell and the Defense of Marriage Act.
What they have done specifically is isolate conservative groups, the Mormon Church, which is safe. I asked Michelangelo Signorile to go down to a local mosque with a group of angry activist left people and to protest the Islamic position on gay marriage. He won't do that.
INGRAHAM: Yes.
BREITBART: And he won't go after President-elect Barack Obama. President-elect Barack Obama has an aggressive attitude towards gay rights in this country, and they allow for him to get away with it.
INGRAHAM: Well, Andrew, that is such a great point about the mosque. I mean, that would show true courage, OK? Go after the black churches and the mosques, and we'll see whether they're actually going to put their money where their mouths are.
Andrew, thanks a lot.


