Associated Press TV reporter David Bauder analyzed Barack Obama's recent interviews on both FOX News and NBC News and wrote:
"In one interview Obama had to fight — not always successfully — to keep from being shouted down. In the other he couldn't succeed in keeping a straight face at the ease of the softballs tossed at him. We'll leave you to guess which is which."
Now anyone who watched my interview with Senator Obama knows he was not shouted down as Bauder stated. He was challenged. There was no shouting.
Bauder has to write stuff like this to please his bosses. The AP has leaned left for years and continues to do so during this election cycle. Bauder totally misled his readers. He should think about that.
The rest of his article is fairly accurate. He points out that Obama answered tough questions here and was given a complete pass by NBC News. As you may know, NBC News has now replaced its cable anchors on election coverage because everybody in the world knows they are biased. Word is Tom Brokaw demanded the changes be made.
However, there's no question that NBC News remains deeply in the tank for the Democratic Party and is run by committed leftists. NBC CEO Jeff Zucker and NBC News President Steve Capus are longtime liberal guys, who have created a culture inside NBC News that is dramatically left wing. You may remember this exchange with longtime NBC correspondent Andrea Mitchell.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right. You've been 30 years at NBC. Can you tell me one conservative thinker at NBC News?
ANDREA MITCHELL, NBC NEWS: How do you define conservative?
O'REILLY: I don't know. Traditional values, maybe supports…
MITCHELL: Are you talking about commentators or are you talking about news?
O'REILLY: Anybody? Give me anybody. Is there anybody over there that's conservative in your opinion?
MITCHELL: Well, I think, yes, I think there are a lot of people…
O'REILLY: Give me one.
MITCHELL: ...who are privately conservative or privately liberal.
O'REILLY: Give me one.
MITCHELL: But I — we don't judge ourselves by how we approach the news.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, the interesting thing here is that MSNBC's ratings continue to be abysmal. FOX and CNN beat them badly at both conventions. The liberal press continues to prop up MSNBC, but after 12 years on the air it remains a ratings disaster and, more importantly, a dishonest enterprise.
When you have a major corporation, General Electric, allowing one its units, NBC, to openly campaign for a presidential candidate, that is unprecedented and dangerous in a democratic society. GE and NBC are powerful, and they are openly misusing their power. No fair-minded person can deny it.
The removal of the cable anchors was a stunning admission of NBC's corporate corruption, and now everybody knows what's going on over there. That it continues to go on shames NBC forever.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
On Monday Michelle Obama paid Ellen a visit, and you know what that means. Everybody dance now.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots."
I say they're both patriots, because we need all the dancing we can get in America. It lightens the mood.
On the pinhead front, I'm not sure about this. You can decide if "View" co-host Elisabeth Hasselbeck was out of bounds at a fund-raiser honoring Cindy McCain.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ELISABETH HASSELBECK, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": Cindy came into our hair and makeup room fresh as can be and, unlike another wife of a political candidate who shall remain nameless, she didn't come with a list of topics that we weren't allowed to touch. Nope. That's because she has nothing to hide.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
All right. You make the call on that.

