Millions of folks all over the world saw my shoot-out with Scott McClellan Tuesday. To his credit, the former White House spokesman admitted he made a mistake when he said I received talking points memos from the White House. I do not.
As we mentioned, the growing dishonesty in American politics is getting completely out of control. We're going to confront it here.
Enter Howard Dean, the chairman of the Democratic National Committee. Dean is a guy who will say about anything, regardless of what is actually true. Here's the latest.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HOWARD DEAN, DNC CHAIRMAN: We will never again make the mistake of not coming to the South and probably asking for our votes as Democrats, because the Democratic Party message will not be delivered anymore by Rush Limbaugh and Bill O'Reilly. It will be delivered by Democrats.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, for years Dean has been running around telling people I am shilling for the Republicans, an absolute lie if there ever was one. But why does Dean care about me? Why even take this absurd position?
The answer lies in demonizing FOX News. Although we have just as many liberal voices on the network as conservative, we employ more right-wing commentators than the other TV news organizations. That's because we believe all views should be equally heard. It's a simple formula which has led to FNC dominating the cable news industry. But Dean doesn't want that. He wants the monopoly the liberals used to have on TV news.
And there's another serious issue in play here as well. Far-left finance guy George Soros has poured millions of dollars into the MoveOn organization, which has now become a dominant force inside the Democratic Party. MoveOn raises enormous amounts of money for the Dems and sometimes actually tells politicians what to do.
Case in point: Senator Jim Webb of Virginia. We wanted to talk with Webb about the new GI bill, which we support. At first, indications were that Webb would come on "The Factor." But it never happened.
So we investigated, and guess what? Webb's communications director, Jessica Smith, previously did work for — ready — MoveOn. What a coincidence. MoveOn has consistently told Democrats not to appear on FOX News, and some pols are afraid to go up against the organization.
Now there is no question that the far left controls some American politicians, and that is dangerous. I don't want a radical like George Soros running this country.
Finally, to those who believe "The Factor" is down on Democrats, listen to John Kerry.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Before we start the interview, I wish we could have done this in the campaign. You know, we kept waiting for you to come and...
SEN. JOHN KERRY, D-MASS.: We should have done it. We should have.
O'REILLY: You think so?
KERRY: I would have loved to have.
O'REILLY: In hindsight, you should have?
KERRY: No, I don't know why we didn't, but we should have.
O'REILLY: OK, because some people said well, he doesn't like you, he doesn't think you're going to get a fair shot on the program.
KERRY: I've always had a fair shot.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
And now Hillary Clinton knows that as well. I hope Senator Obama is tuned in.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Actress Keira Knightley, who you may have seen in "Pirates of the Caribbean," has a new movie out called "The Duchess." According to reports, producers of the film wanted to enhance Miss Knightley's bust line in advertisements, but she said absolutely not. For keeping it real, Miss Knightley is a patriot.
And now an update on our pal Nas. When we last left this rapper, he was calling FOX racist in a pathetic attempt to promote his new album. As we reported, the album is a bomb. It opened weak, and in its second week dropped 66 percent in sales. Normally, we wouldn't gloat over something like that, but Nas is a bad guy, in addition to being a pinhead.

