This is a rush transcript from "The O'Reilly Factor," November 10, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Back of the Book" segment tonight: "Reality Check," where you can take what we say to the bank and know it is 100 percent insured for honesty.
"Check" one: Now the election is over, Reverend Wright has emerged from wherever he was resting. "Factor" producer Dan Bank caught up with him in Connecticut.
Click here to watch Reality Check.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DAN BANK, "O'REILLY FACTOR" PRODUCER: Reverend Wright, Dan Bank with FOX News of "The O'Reilly Factor." I wanted to know how you feel about the election.
REV. JEREMIAH WRIGHT, FORMER PASTOR, TRINITY UNITED CHURCH OF CHRIST: Wonderful.
BANK: Reverend Wright, how do you feel about the way you've been treated in the press?
WRIGHT: That's not wonderful.
BANK: You've been the topic of conversation most of the election. How do you feel about that?
WRIGHT: I said it's wonderful.
BANK: It's been wonderful?
WRIGHT: I said the election is wonderful.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now we would like to talk with Reverend Wright someday. He has an open invitation. He would be treated with respect.
"Check" two: Remember a couple weeks ago when William Ayers called the police to save him from "Factor" producer Jesse Watters? Remember that? Well, millions of viewers recognized the irony of a guy who once tried to blow up a police station now calling the cops to protect him against the fierce Mr. Watters.
Well, here's more irony. General Electric is in big financial trouble. Its stock is down 50 percent this year alone. And a spokesperson said that if the feds want to loan GE some money, they're willing to listen. That's rich, isn't it?
GE guy Jeffrey Immelt was the last American CEO, the last one to stop doing business with Iran even as that country was killing American soldiers in Iraq. Now he wants some taxpayer money.
So here's the deal, Jeff. No cash for you or GE. None. In fact, you should make a major donation to the Wounded Warriors project to make some amends. Iranian bombs hurt thousands of people, Jeff, and that will remain on your resume forever.
"Check" three: Virginia Congressman Jim Moran is a far-left guy, and he doesn't try to hide it.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. JIM MORAN, D-VA.: In the last seven years, we have had the highest corporate profit ever in American history, highest corporate profit. We've got the highest productivity. The American worker has produced more per person than at any time, but it hasn't been shared, and that's the problem. Because we have been guided by a Republican administration who believes in the simplistic notion that people who have wealth are entitled to keep it, and they have antipathy towards the means of redistributing wealth.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: People who have wealth are entitled to keep it. Yes, income redistribution is what they do in socialistic countries, Jim, not capitalistic countries.
Corporate greed is a legitimate issue. I agree with you on that. And federal oversight should be provided. The greedy companies can't force people to work for them, and the federal government shouldn't be forcing shared wealth either. That is not our system in America.
"Check" four: A week after Barack Obama's victory, The Washington Post now admits the paper favored Obama. I'm shocked. Ombudsman Debra Howell provided devastating statistics in Sunday's edition.
But here's "Check's" question. Ms. Howell and everybody else at The Washington Post knew the paper was trying to get Obama elected. So why didn't anybody try to stop it? Contrition after the fact is useless. Is it not?
By the way, it is worth noting again that according to the Project of Excellence in Journalism, the FOX News Channel was pretty fair in its election coverage. Forty percent of our stories on Obama were negative; 40 percent on our stories on McCain were negative. No contrition needed here.
Double by the way, NBC News is now running a promo showing Obama and applauding the change deal. Do they have an ombudsman over there? "Check" is just asking.
And "Check" five: Everywhere I go, I'm still getting asked about the Barney Frank shoot-out. Remember that? I scolded him for blaming others in the failure of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac when it was largely his fault. He encouraged risky mortgage loans and, as chairman of the House Finance Committee, provided very poor oversight.
On Saturday I was signing "Bold Fresh" in Providence, Rhode Island, close to Barney's Massachusetts district. About 1,000 people showed up, and many of them thanked me profusely for confronting Frank.
However, he did win re-election easily, which says something about America, I'm sure. I bet I get a lot of Barney shouts at my next book signing. It's coming Friday night at Bookends in Ridgewood, New Jersey. Details on BillOReilly.com. The free tickets will go fast.
And that is "Reality Check."


