The Super Bowl and Super Tuesday, that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
Congratulations to the New York Giants for a tremendous season against all odds. They are the best team in football. One year ago, however, coach Tom Coughlin was almost fired and was hammered beyond belief by the New York City press corps. Bin Laden got better ink than Coughlin.
Likewise with young quarterback Eli Manning, who was booed and vilified for his mediocre play. But both men did not let public opinion beat them. They simply toughed it out, worked hard and emerged as champions.
Now that is a lesson for every one of us. Life is tough. Sometimes things don't go well. Sometimes people attempt to hurt us. You fight hard through it and persevere. That is the key to great success.
Now I predicted the Giants would win, despite knowing the Patriots have a deeper roster. I did this because the Giants are a team of destiny. And if you don't believe that, watch this.
(BEGIN VIDOE CLIP)
TROY AIKMAN, FOX NFL ANNOUNCER: Pressure from Thomas off the edge. Eli Manning stays on his feet, airs it out down the field. It is caught by Tyree. And Eli, I don't know how he got out of there. I thought he was on the ground. And then he came out of the pile and just slings it. That's a great catch.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Sports fans will know Eli Manning's not known as a nimble scrambler, and David Tyree is the team's fourth receiver. So "Talking Points" does believe in destiny. That is, some things in the universe will happen because they are meant to happen.
The New York Giants were down, mocked and scorned. But they pulled themselves up through hard work and determination. Destiny.
Likewise in politics. Last summer, John McCain was finished. He couldn't raise money. His poll numbers rock bottom. But McCain toughed it out and is now poised to get the Republican nomination. Even if you don't like the senator, his comeback is truly amazing.
Is John McCain the candidate of destiny? I don't know. He's one man. The Giants are a team of men. It's a different thing.
But no matter who becomes the next president, that person will have done so because of hard work and perseverance. All the candidates get knocked down, but to win you have to get up.
Again, this is life's most important lesson. Be honest, work hard, get back up. No spin.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Our pal Judge Andrew Napolitano appeared on the Stephen Colbert program and, of course, my name came up.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
STEPHEN COLBERT, HOST, "THE COLBERT REPORT": You're saying the Constitution means this, the Constitution means that. The Constitution is set in stone.
JUDGE ANDREW NAPOLITANO, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: The Constitution upholds human freedom.
COLBERT: It's a tradeoff. Freedom is a tradeoff, sir.
NAPOLITANO: No, no, no. Freedom is the default position. Everything the government does takes away some of our freedom. That's why we have to watch everything the government does. That's why we have a Constitution to restrain the government, Bill. I mean Stephen.
COLBERT: It's quite an honor.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Indeed. For even going over there, Napolitano is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, rapper 50 Cent told FOX News he's endorsing Hillary Clinton.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
FOX PRODUCER: Why Hillary?
50 CENT, RAPPER: I think that she would do a good job.
FOX PRODUCER: Really?
50 CENT: Yes. I mean, Obama, there's nothing bad about Obama in my eyes either. But I just think Hillary would — that would be my choice.
FOX PRODUCER: Well, Mr. Cent, thank you for the ride.
50 CENT: I'm not sure America is ready to have a black president.
FOX PRODCUER: Really?
50 CENT: I think they might kill him.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Pinhead comment.

