You think you've had a bad week? In a space of just four days, the loons from Barack Obama's past all show up unannounced.
Last Sunday, his former pastor, Rev. Wright, once again attacked America in the Trinity Church.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REV. JEREMIAH WRIGHT: Today is December 7, the day that this government killed over 80,000 Japanese civilians at Hiroshima in 1941.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, in addition to getting the day wrong — December 7 is the day Japan attacked the USA — and the year wrong — it was 1945 when we dropped the atom bomb on Hiroshima — Wright again makes the absurd point that America's a bad country for using the atom bomb on Japan, an action that actually saved hundreds of thousands of lives because we didn't have to invade. All you can say about Wright at this point is good grief.
And then a few days later here comes William Ayers on national TV explaining his terrorist bombing activities.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BILL AYERS, FORMER WEATHER UNDERGROUND MEMBER: The dilemma remains: Who did the right thing? I'm not so sure. And I don't — again, I don't want to defend what we did, but nor do I think it was completely insane.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
I think the words "completely insane" are key here.
But by far, the worst ghost from Obama's past is Governor Rod Blagojevich, who apparently tried to sell the president-elect's Senate seat. Thursday, Mr. Obama himself was forced to defend the whole situation regarding the Senate seat.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT-ELECT: I had no contact with the governor's office. I did not speak to the governor about these issues. That I know for certain. What I want to do is to gather all the facts about any staff contacts that may have taken place between the transition office and the governor's office, and we'll have those in the next few days, and we'll present them. But what I'm absolutely certain about is that our office had no involvement in any deal making around my Senate seat.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
So adding up this week for Obama, you have Rev. Wright wrong again, Bill Ayers still making excuses for his terrorism, and the corrupt Illinois governor putting Obama's Senate seat up for sale, or so the feds say. And a Merry Christmas to you, Mr. President-elect.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Actor Josh Hartnett sued a British newspaper and won. The Daily Mirror said Hartnett had sex in public at a London hotel in the library there. Hartnett says that was false, and he went to court, and Josh was awarded about $30,000, which he is donating to charity. We like Hartnett's pluck, so he is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, the fast food craziness continues. Three KFC employees have been suspended for taking a bath in the kitchen sink. Of course, they did this so they could post the pictures on the Net so their imbecility could be confirmed by everyone. KFC says no manager was on duty at the time, which is what the pinheads usually look for.

