The latest polling out of South Carolina. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
Saturday is a very important vote in the Palmetto State, and FOX News has the latest poll. We hope it's better than the New Hampshire situation.
Right now John McCain leads with 27 percent, Mike Huckabee 20, Mitt Romney 15 and Fred Thompson 10. If Thompson does not up that number, he's likely to drop out of the race. If McCain wins, he will definitely establish himself as the front-runner going into Florida, where Rudy Giuliani awaits.
Now this presidential year is different because of Super Tuesday on February 5, when 22 states will vote. Some experts believe Mike Huckabee can't win the big states, like California and New York. And polls show both Giuliani and McCain are more popular in the larger situations. So at this point, anything — anything — could happen on the Republican side.
The Democrats will vote next Saturday in South Carolina, but the Nevada caucus is this weekend and polls have Hillary Clinton slightly ahead. Romney leads on the GOP side. With 30 percent of voters in South Carolina black, Senator Obama is heavily favored to win that state again next Saturday.
But it all comes down to Super Tuesday. The Clinton machine is very strong in New York and California, and those two states have the most delegates.
So my prediction is this: The Patriots beat the Chargers and the Giants beat the Packers. As far as politics is concerned, I have no clue who will win either nomination. I still believe the Clinton machine is powerful, so she has that.
But on the Republican side, it's a free for all, although John McCain seems to be getting stronger. Sorry I can't be more daring on the political front, but picking the Giants over the Packers is a pretty bold move.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
In Katy, Texas, there's a guy who runs around in a big bird costume. He advertises mattresses doing this.
Well, Kyle Lincecum is not having an easy time of it. In fact, he's been attacked four times. It seems morons want to bash the bird, and nobody knows quite why.
Kyle says he will not be intimidated. He's going to keep on keeping on. And for his courage, living in that suit, he is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, our pal Stephen Colbert is in the Smithsonian Institution. I'm not sure that's the institution I would have placed him in, but anyway, Colbert's picture has been put on the wall next to the restrooms.
Again, nobody's exactly sure why. It may be a signal. We just don't know. I'm not sure who the pinhead is here, but I am sure there is one.

