This is a rush transcript from "The O'Reilly Factor," April 4, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Back of the Book" segment tonight: There's no question that some powerful forces in America want to mainstream the gay lifestyle. And now you can decide whether that's a good or a bad thing, because it's all on the table.
One of the leaders of the movement is Rosie O'Donnell, who actively promotes gay cruises.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE (SINGING): You can camp it up. Don't be shy.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE (SINGING): Because we welcome each gal and guy.
ROSIE O'DONNELL (SINGING): Whether gay, straight, trans or bi.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: And that wasn't one of the funniest movie clips. That was a real thing.
Joining us now from San Francisco with reaction to mainstreaming the gay lifestyle, Marc Rudov, host of "The Marc Rudov Show" on MarcRudovRadio.com.
Did I say your name enough there, Marc? We got three.
MARC RUDOV, MARCRUDOVRADIO.COM: A few more times, Bill.
O'REILLY: And FOX News analyst Margaret Hoover, who is here in New York.
And you're appalled by this mainstreaming, correct?
MARGARET HOOVER, FOX NEWS ANALYST: Not at all.
O'REILLY: No?
HOOVER: Look, a conservative feminist stands for increasing responsibility and increasing personal freedom. And there is nothing about this — I mean, these are private people, individuals in their private lives spending their own money, leading their own lifestyle. And there is absolutely nothing wrong with that.
Their pursuit of happiness involves this. And frankly, there are kids out there that need families and parents that love them. There are plenty of broken homes that don't have parents. So I don't have a problem with that.
O'REILLY: Even when the mainstreaming now has become fairly intrusive? You know, you look at television or you pick up a newspaper and, you know...
HOOVER: Is it really intrusive though?
O'REILLY: To some people. To some people.
HOOVER: Or is it intrusive because people aren't used to seeing and acknowledging homosexuality as a normal part of our culture?
O'REILLY: Yes, some people don't believe it is.
HOOVER: Are we going to be Ahmadinejads in Iran and pretend like homosexually doesn't exist? Or are we going to acknowledge that it exists in the media, as it exists in real life?
And frankly, 1970 was the first time a star was cast as an openly gay character in a sitcom. Billy Crystal played in "Soap." This is a very new thing in our culture, accepting homosexuality as occurring.
O'REILLY: And you say it's a good thing?
HOOVER: I — frankly, I just think it's reflective of reality. I'm not suggesting that we promote a homosexual lifestyle and we impose it on people, but I am suggesting that it is important to be reflective of our culture and to not kibosh people from the mainstream.
O'REILLY: All right. What do you say, Marc?
RUDOV: Well, I think we are promoting a homosexual lifestyle, and I fear for the long-term consequences for children.
You know, just this week a report came out that said using cell phones is more dangerous than smoking, but the effects are very long term. If there's going to be a brain tumor, it might not be discovered for 10 years.
And I kind of look at this in the same way, because children do form their sexual identities from their same-sex parents. And what's going on here is basically teaching children that there's no difference between a heterosexual marriage and a homosexual marriage.
You know, in California, for example, in October of last year, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed into law SP777. It's a new law that says you can't use "Mom," "Dad," "husband and wife" in textbooks anymore. Girls can come to school dressed as boys; boys can come to school dressed as girls. They can use each other's lavatories. And all of this is so not to offend gays and transgenders and...
O'REILLY: That's part of the mainstreaming. That's part of the mainstreaming of the situation.
RUDOV: And the 94 percent of us who aren't in that, we have to go along with it.
HOOVER: I have to object, Marc. I have to object to this notion that children form their sexuality and their sexual identity from their parents. The truth is that scientists, biologists, we don't know how sexuality is formed in people. And to suggest that people are going to be gay if they're raised by gay parents is just scientifically unfounded. We just can't say that. You can posit that, but you can't say that's the fact.
If you're going to be worried about the future of children and children growing up and staying at the top, you ought to be a heck of a lot more worried about deadbeat dads and broken homes and inner-city America. We've got a whole lot of people and kids that are growing up that don't have parents that love them.
O'REILLY: All right. I'm giving Marc the last word. Go ahead.
RUDOV: Well, you know, what's interesting is there's some hypocrisy going on here when it comes to mainstreaming, because it's kind of like Eliot Spitzer going after prostitutes when he was using prostitutes himself.
The far-left liberals are supposed to be the main supporters of the gay lifestyle. Yet, when I go on TV or the radio to expose the double standards of women, they're the first ones to come after me to call me gay and queer, which proves that they're lying. They don't support the gay lifestyle. So all of this mainstreaming, in my opinion, is a cover-up for something else.
O'REILLY: All right. There you go. "He Said, She Said," everybody. Thank you, Margaret and Marc.


