As Michael Corleone said in one of "The Godfather" movies, "just when I thought I was out, they drag me back in." And Senator Obama must be thinking the exact same thing.
After enduring months of embarrassment over Reverend Wright's irresponsible church sermons, things seemed to have quieted down a bit. Then last Sunday, a radical Catholic priest, Father Michael Pfleger, shows up at Obama's church and goes nuts.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
FATHER MICHAEL PFLEGER: When Hillary was crying and people said that was put on, I really don't believe it was put on. I really believe that she just always thought: "This is mine. I'm Bill's wife. I'm white. And this is mine. I just got to get up and step into the plate." And then out of nowhere came, "Hey, I'm Barack Obama." And she said, "Oh, damn, where did you come from? I'm white. I'm entitled. There's a black man stealing my show."
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now Thursday, Pfleger apologized for that, but the damage obviously is done. Barack Obama now has to deal with yet another dubious association.
"The Factor" has been watching Pfleger for months because he is part of that radical Chicago cabal that is causing Senator Obama so much trouble. Father Pfleger is an activist priest who supports Louis Farrakhan and Reverend Wright, as he told "Factor" producer Porter Berry.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
FATHER MICHAEL PFLEGER: Reverend Wright preaches the gospel of Jesus Christ, the same gospel I preach here and have said many of the same thing. I believe that the gospel's message is not only to preach unity and to preach progress, it's to deal with the ills and the cancers and the sicknesses and the sins of our society.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now put yourself in Barack Obama's shoes for a moment. He must be seething. The church he supported for years continues to embarrass him, continues to draw attention to fringe radicalism. That does not help Senator Obama at all. And there's nothing he can do about it.
The big problem for Obama is undecided white voters, who like many Americans, pick up perceptions. As long as the aura of radicalism and loaded rhetoric, like Wright and Pfleger put out, remain present in Obama's orbit, even though he doesn't engage in that, this situation hurts him.
"Talking Points" believes the vote in November will be razor close. With Iraq improving dramatically and the economy not yet a disaster, issues are moving fast. The radical nuts supporting Obama, whether they be in his church, on the Internet, or getting paid by NBC News, will not help him win the presidency. The choir is not going to get the senator elected. Independent white voters will likely decide the election.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
As you may know, BillOReilly.com is holding an auction to raise money for Operation Shoebox, which sends care packages to our troops overseas. Five flags which flew over U.S. bases in the Middle East are up for bids. And the bidding is so spirited, we are amazed. So everybody involved in the auction, which ends next Wednesday at midnight, is definitely a patriot. And I will match whatever money is raised.
On the pinhead front, radical left actress Susan Sarandon is telling folks she will move to either Canada or Italy if John McCain wins the election. Now, my vote is for Italy and if moving expenses are a problem, Ms. Sarandon, we might have an auction to help you out. How do you say pinhead in Italian? I actually like her. Remember "The Rocky Horror Picture Show"?

