In my opinion, Rev. Jeremiah Wright is not an honest man. He preaches anti-white and anti-American rhetoric, all the while making money off it.
As we reported, the reverend will soon move into a multimillion-dollar home. And now "The Factor" has learned he drives two Mercedes Benz automobiles worth about $142,000. In addition, Wright's church has access to an astounding $10 million line of credit.
So it seems the hate business is good. While Wright preaches that black people are getting hosed, he lives extremely large. Is that an honest deal? You make the call.
But far worse than what Wright is doing is comedian Al Franken trying to gain a U.S. Senate seat with a tax controversy all over him. Two states, New York and California, have publicly proclaimed Franken a scofflaw. And now comes word that he owes a whopping $70,000 in back taxes. Even the ultra-liberal Minneapolis Star Tribune has slammed Franken.
This guy has been dishonest his entire working life. And if you don't believe me, check out page 97 of "Culture Warrior." Franken's campaign in Minnesota has been largely financed by far-left zealots like Rosie O'Donnell and Phil Donahue, who couldn't care less about Franken's taxes. They just want to raise yours.
Enough is enough with both church and state dishonesty. If you don't pay your taxes, you shouldn't be elected to anything. If you hate America, turn in your Mercedes.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Even though I like Jon Stewart, there's no doubt he's a liberal guy. So we found this exchange interesting.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JON STEWART, HOST, "THE DAILY SHOW": Is this joyful right now for a Republican, somebody who wants a Republican, to watch these two candidates, both historic candidates — I wouldn't say kill each other but...
NEWT GINGRICH, FORMER SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE: Jon, I know this show specializes in cynicism and those kinds of things...
STEWART: Stop it. Idealism.
GINGRICH: The idea that you would believe that any Republican would feel good about...
STEWART: Touché, my brother.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
For giving Stewart some jazz, Speaker Gingrich is a patriot.
On the pinhead front — power to the people! — Roseanne Barr.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ROSEANNE BARR, COMEDIAN: There is a Democratic convention in Denver in just a short time, and we should, a bunch of us, go there and repeat the Democratic convention from Chicago. Just like let's cause a bunch of trouble. Let's wrest back our government from six or seven, you know, guys like McCain and Romney and Bush from the top. Let's just go take it. It's ours.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Ms. Barr could be a pinhead.

