This is a rush transcript from "The O'Reilly Factor," March 26, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.

LAURA INGRAHAM, GUEST HOST: In the "Personal Story" segment tonight: the gender wars heat up.
A new poll shows that more and more men are depressed — poor babies — because they feel women now dominate the world. Plus, a University of Texas study shows that beautiful women have uber-high standards when it comes to picking a mate. Yet another study out of UCLA says that beautiful women would be much happier if they married uglier guys.
Joining us now from San Francisco is the self-proclaimed relationship expert Marc Rudov, whose radio show premiers tomorrow on MarcRudov.com. Marc, good to have you with us.
MARC RUDOV, RADIO TALK SHOW HOST: Pretty good. It's MarcRudovRadio.com, Laura.
INGRAHAM: MarcRudovRadio.com. OK. We got it.
RUDOV: Right.
INGRAHAM: So the big premier is tomorrow. So tell us why men feel emasculated today.
RUDOV: First of all, I can't think of a better way to pay tribute to National Women's History Month than this segment. You know, you started talking about female happiness before, would women be happier and why men are depressed. Men are depressed and it's their own fault, because men are allowing women to take over the world.
You know, female happiness is an oxymoron. When you go to the checkout in the supermarket, just look at the titles on the women's magazines. How many of them presume women to be happy? Not one. They're all saying the key to happiness is more jewelry, more shoes, more liposuction and bigger implants. And if you look at the reality of life in this country...
INGRAHAM: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Marc, Marc, Marc. There's so much in here. I'm going to miss all your wonderful gems unless I interrupt you.
First of all, I think you're talking about marketing to women. And if we got rid of all advertisements, we wouldn't be on TV right now, so we've got to give them a break.
And when you talk about breast implants, who do you think they're getting the breast implants for, Marc? The men who want the bigger breasted women? Or are just women doing it on a fluke?
RUDOV: I think they're getting it for themselves, quite frankly.
INGRAHAM: OK, not for the men. The men aren't encouraging women to get that, Marc? OK.
RUDOV: It doesn't matter.
INGRAHAM: Are you kidding me?
RUDOV: You know, if you really get to know women, you'll see women are doing it for themselves, by and large. And most of the women who get them are unhappy and insecure.
Let's look at the facts, Laura. Eighty percent of women in this country are unhappily married, according to AOL and Woman's Day. My colleague Susan Shapiro Barash just came out with a new book that said 60 percent of women cheat on their husbands. Women get 70 percent of divorces.
INGRAHAM: I don't believe any of this. I just — I don't believe any of this. I don't know what qualifies either of us to talk about relationships. I certainly am not qualified, believe me.
But Marc, I was looking through your Web site. You seem to really have a problem with women in your Web site. I mean, women are liars. Women are going to cheat on you. Women only want stuff and jewelry. And I've got to tell you I think that from what I see as successful marriages, it's about giving to the other person. And you had a problem in your Web site about men who put women up on a pedestal.
RUDOV: No.
INGRAHAM: And what's wrong with that? Women should do the same thing for men. What's wrong with that?
RUDOV: No, you shouldn't have pedestals. And let me backtrack on what you said before. I don't have a problem with women, Laura. I have a problem with little girls occupying adult female bodies. And any women who feel entitled to wining and dining and jewelry and free vacations are not adults.
INGRAHAM: Do you pay for dates, Marc? Do you pay for dates or no?
RUDOV: Fifty-fifty, Laura.
INGRAHAM: Boy, we wouldn't last long.
RUDOV: Reciprocation Laura. Women, you know — if women are so entitled, Laura, if women are so entitled, Laura, if women are so entitled and they're such delicate little flowers, we shouldn't have one running the U.S. Marines.
INGRAHAM: OK, well, Marc, here's my question to you. What's your definition of love? How do you express love to someone?
RUDOV: Love is all about — I will answer you, Laura. Love is about giving to the other person, caring about the other person.
INGRAHAM: Bingo.
RUDOV: Right.
INGRAHAM: So you're cutting the whole argument. Giving to the other person.
RUDOV: No, no, I'm not. No, no, no, no. Laura, when a woman feels entitled to anything, then she's not worthy of love, and she doesn't know how to give love. These kinds of women are takers. So if you really have read my Web site...
INGRAHAM: I've read it, believe me.
RUDOV: ...you would see that I believe in equality...
INGRAHAM: Amazing titles on there, Marc.
RUDOV: That's right.
INGRAHAM: What's — under the what hood? What's your book title?
RUDOV: Laura...
INGRAHAM: Under what hood? Why don't you say it for our audience?
RUDOV: "Under the Clitoral Hood," right.
INGRAHAM: Thank you. Thank you.
RUDOV: "Under the Clitoral Hood," right.
INGRAHAM: I wasn't going to say that.
RUDOV: So do you want — Laura, do you want to just bring up a title or do you want to talk about it?
INGRAHAM: Well, Marc, here's the problem. I think we have a lot of people who are very narcissistic and they're focusing on their own needs. And all I can say is, from what I see, successful couples are giving to each other. And they're sacrificial.
RUDOV: When a woman wants to — when a woman wants to...
INGRAHAM: I don't see anything wrong with that.
RUDOV: When a woman wants to marry a man who's uglier than she is, she's doing it because she wants power and control. Because she knows that this man...
INGRAHAM: OK. She's not really in love with him.
RUDOV: That's right. She wants a man who's going to do double backflips over her so she can keep him under control so then she can cheat on him and get her sex with the hot men outside the home, Laura.
INGRAHAM: Marc, we have to do a whole hour on this topic with you.
RUDOV: I'd love to, Laura. Tune into my radio show tomorrow, Laura.
INGRAHAM: I've got to go back to that book title. We appreciate it, Marc.


