With Sen. Obama's big win in North Carolina last night, it is now impossible for Hillary Clinton to beat him in the popular vote or in elected delegates. Even though Sen. Clinton won Indiana, she's too far behind to catch Obama. So her only chance is to persuade the so-called superdelegates to support her, and that will not happen unless there's a scandal or something involving Sen. Obama.
As for a re-vote in Florida and Michigan, that's not going to happen either because the Obama campaign would never sign off on it. Why should they? The party made the rules, Obama followed them, and he has emerged victorious.
Now the big cloud hovering over all this is the African-American vote, currently 90 percent for Obama. If the senator is denied the nomination after all this, that vote will be furious and mass demonstrations in Denver would very likely happen. So Obama wins and he knows it.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BARACK OBAMA: Many of the pundits have suggested that this party is inalterably divided, that Sen. Clinton supporters will not support me and that my supporters would not support her. Well, I am here tonight to tell you that I don't believe it.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Also, Sen. Clinton understands she can't beat Obama outright.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HILLARY CLINTON: No matter what happens, I will work for the nominee of the Democratic Party.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Did you see the look on Bill Clinton's face behind her?
As for Sen. Clinton accepting a vice-presidential slot, it's possible, but I don't see it. She'd have far more power remaining in the Senate and a good chance to win the nomination in 2012 if John McCain defeats Obama next November. Now that race will be intense, and race will be a factor.
Summing up, Sen. Barack Obama has the nomination locked, an amazing achievement.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Happy birthday to Angela O'Reilly, who is 85 years old today and is my mother. No question, for putting up with me, she's a patriot.
Come next October, my new book, "A Bold Fresh Piece of Humanity," will illustrate exactly what my poor mother went through. So again, happy birthday, Mom, and I am extremely sorry.
On the pinhead front, far-left zealot Penn Jillette said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PENN JILLETTE, MAGICIAN: You know, Obama did great in February, and that's because it was Black History Month. And now Hillary is doing much better because it's White B_tch Month.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Penn is a pinhead.

