What I am about to tell you is truly insane, but it's a preview of how race-baiters are trying to hijack the presidential election. The latest nonsense began when Hillary Clinton said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HILLARY CLINTON: There was just an AP article posted that found how Senator Obama's support among hardworking Americans, white Americans, is weakening again, and how the, you know, whites in both states who have not completed college were supporting me.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, you would have thought Hillary had just signed up with the KKK instead of stating a fact. One of the most vicious race-baiters in the country is Washington Post columnist Eugene Robinson, and he promptly wrote: "Here's what [Hillary is] really saying to party leaders: There's no way that white people are going to vote for the black guy."
Despicable. But that's what Robinson does all the time. He spins any statement that involves color into an accusation. The guy is the lowest.
Now far-left fanatics are setting up a scenario that will brand anyone a racist who brings white demographics into the presidential race. These loons believe they are doing Barack Obama a favor by employing that vile strategy, but they're wrong.
Senator Obama himself is now under attack by crazy militants who object to his criticism of Reverend Wright. In the Philadelphia Daily News, the so-called reverend named Derick Wilson actually wrote this after Senator Obama criticized Wright: "Playing the role of the house-Negro in this [Rev. Wright] tragedy is Barack Obama."
Wilson goes on to say Wright's a swell guy and Obama's wrong to repudiate him. Unbelievable. But acceptable to the Philadelphia Daily News, which never should have printed that smear. That, ladies and gentlemen, is true racism: calling someone a "house-Negro."
The double standard surrounding racial politics is simply astounding. Black voters are breaking about 90 percent for Senator Obama. Are you telling me there's no racial component in that plurality? But if the Clintons point to a white voting pattern, they are demonized.
"Talking Points" is tired of this garbage, tired of race-baiters using false accusations as clubs to intimidate and diminish. There is racism in America, and it is brutally wrong. But crying race wolf every two minutes is un-American and unacceptable, and it will be challenged here.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
As every clear-thinking American knows, most police officers are good, brave people, and they don't get much publicity.
In Fort Worth, Texas, cops were chasing some suspects when the fleeing car carrying four teenaged boys crashed and began burning. Putting their own lives at risk, the police rescued the four suspects who will now be charged with a variety of offenses.
These cops are patriots, and I'm happy I could report on that story after the one in Philadelphia.
Now on the pinhead front, a headline in the London Daily Mail says: Desperately Seeking Publicity. Once again, the nearly 50-year-old Madonna is acting frisky on stage as she begins her concert tour. During a show in Paris she proclaimed she likes to french French people. How do you say pinhead in French?

