Wednesday morning your humble correspondent, that is me, is set to sit down with Sen. Clinton for a major policy discussion. That interview will be broadcast on Wednesday and Thursday nights, and we appreciate the candidate and her campaign for keeping their word to us.
As we all know, Sen. Clinton's very busy these days and doesn't have to do this. Also, next week I'll repeat the exercise with Sen. John McCain. We'll have a major policy chat with him as well. And we hope Sen. Obama will follow suit.
Now the problem in this campaign so far has been a failure of the media to get answers to complicated questions, and I might fail in that as well. We'll see. But with gas prices hurting most Americans and a complicated War on Terror still causing death and destruction, we need to cut through the fog. And I'll give it my best shot.
"Talking Points" has often stated that the media in America has become very corrupt, partisan. Nowhere was that better demonstrated than by Bill Moyers on PBS, who went completely in the tank for Jeremiah Wright. That was wrong, and Moyers should apologize. His job is to challenge, not pander.
It is almost unbelievable that Rev. Wright has become a bigger story than the economy, but he has. It's just the way it is. Wright stirs up powerful emotions, and his proximity to Barack Obama makes it a very important story, as the senator courageously admitted to Chris Wallace.
Well, Tuesday Mr. Obama was forced to deal with Wright once again. This time, the senator hammered him.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BARACK OBAMA: I've known Rev. Wright for almost 20 years. The person I saw yesterday was not the person that I met 20 years ago. His comments were not only divisive and destructive, but I believe that they end up giving comfort to those who prey on hate. And I believe that they do not portray accurately the perspective of the black church.
When he states and then amplifies such ridiculous propositions as the U.S. government somehow being involved in AIDS, when he suggests that Minister Farrakhan somehow represents one of the greatest voices of the 20th and 21st century, when he equates the United States' wartime efforts with terrorism, then there are no excuses. I don't think that he showed much concern for me.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, that's the understatement of the year. Unless Wright does something else dumb, the story should peter out. And that's perfect timing for us because Sen. Hillary Clinton will debut on "The Factor" Wednesday night.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Country singer Toby Keith is touring Afghanistan while entertaining the troops in Kandahar, a very dangerous place. The singer and his band came under mortar fire. Didn't faze them. They simply retired to a bunker and signed autographs. Mr. Keith is a patriot, and we appreciate the USO sponsoring that tour.
On the pinhead front, loopy model Kate Moss in the spotlight. The British press is outraged she's riding around on a quad bike with her 5-year-old daughter and the kid has no helmet. Not illegal in England, but Ms. Moss is a pinhead for not fully protecting the little girl. Get the little helmets on the kids.

