There's no doubt that University of Illinois at Chicago Professor William Ayers has become Barack Obama's biggest nightmare, far surpassing Reverend Wright. That's because Ayers was a terrorist. He actually hurt Americans during the Vietnam War days. He admits it. And after all these years, Ayers is still not repentant.
In 2002, Ayers gave an interview to a radio station in California. Now portions of that interview have surfaced on the Net for the first time.
(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)
BILL AYERS: I considered myself partly an anarchist then. I consider myself partly an anarchist now. I mean, I'm as much an anarchist as I am a Marxist, which is to say, you know, I find a lot of the ideas in anarchism appealing. We create felons by having these kind of archaic, puritan drug laws that make no sense whatsoever in any logical way. So in that sense, I still feel like kind of an anarchist. I don't feel like the rules apply. And if they don't apply, I don't feel like you should follow them. Is one of those regrets that I took extreme measures against the United States at a time of tremendous crisis? No, it is not. I don't regret that. There is a struggle over various religious fundamentalisms, Jihad being the most visible. But the religious fundamentalism of the Christians and the Jews is equally troubling.
(END AUDIO CLIP)
He's quite a guy.
Now, during that time that interview was taken, "The Factor" has learned that Barack Obama had frequent contact with Ayers. They were both on the board of the Woods Fund in Chicago. They were both involved with the criminal justice issues together. Obama does not deny that, and this seems to be more than just a casual relationship.
In 1997, Barack Obama gave the Chicago Tribune a blurb for Ayers' book. And a short time later, Michelle Obama organized a panel held at the University of Chicago featuring Ayers and Obama, among others. So there's no way that Obama did not know Ayers was a radical. It is simply not possible.
When I interviewed the senator a few weeks ago, here's what he said:
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
BARACK OBAMA: Now on this Ayers' thing, which you, you know, you've been hyping, Bill, pretty good.
O'REILLY: Not that much. You know, you're on the Woods Foundation board with him.
OBAMA: Here's the bottom line.
O'REILLY: Yes.
OBAMA: This guy did something despicable 40 years ago.
O'REILLY: Yes, he did something despicable last week. He said he didn't do enough bombings. That's last week.
OBAMA: I haven't seen the guy in a year and a half.
O'REILLY: But you know who he was. He's on the Woods Foundation board. You know he was there.
OBAMA: Let me finish my point, all right? Here's a guy who does something despicable when I'm eight years old.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
The question now becomes is this an important issue for you, the voter? For someone like Colin Powell, it is not. But others believe it is important.
The end game on this is that Bill Ayers is a bad guy, a bad American, an unrepentant terrorist, and Obama knew it. Yet, for whatever reason, continued the association.
Now, that's important. How important? That's a decision you have to make.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
The actress Elizabeth Hurley is promoting breast cancer awareness throughout October. The British siren is using fashion to get some attention, including pink dresses. Pink is the breast cancer awareness color.
So even though she is a British subject, we are making Ms. Hurley a patriot.
On the pinhead front, what can I say about Michael Moore that has not already been said? Here's his latest.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots."
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MICHAEL MOORE, FILMMAKER: Bring back the draft, but only draft the children of the top five percent wage earners in this country. I am convinced if they have to send their own kids off to war, there won't be any wars.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, that wasn't "American Carol," the movie. That was the real Michael Moore. And for playing the class warfare game, and for being simply Michael Moore, he is a pinhead.

