This is a rush transcript from "The O'Reilly Factor," August 22, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.

LAURA INGRAHAM, GUEST HOST: In the "Back of the Book" segment tonight: The McCain campaign has released yet another Web video in advance of the Democratic National Convention, mocking Barack Obama as "The One." Charlton Heston makes an appearance as Moses parting the Red Sea. Check it out.
Click here to watch the segment.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A worldwide sensation. Millions of viewers sparking the flames of the faithful. And now "The One" returns to lead us on the road to Denver.
BARACK OBAMA: This is the moment when the rise of the oceans began to slow and our planets began to heal.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Behold his mighty hand!
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Obama! Obama! Obama!
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Obama! Obama! Obama!
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Obama! Obama! Obama!
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The people are ready to gather one mile high.
CHARLTON HESTON, "THE TEN COMMANDMENTS": So let it be written.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: His hand guides the world. In Denver you will see the light.
OBAMA: A light will shine down from somewhere. It will light upon you. You will experience an epiphany. And you will say to yourself, "I have to vote for Barack."
HESTON: Well, let it be written. So let it be done.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He may be "The One," but is he ready to lead? No.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: Joining us now from Atlanta to analyze is marketing strategist Laura Ries.
And Laura, it's great to see you again. And I've got to tell you, any time I can hear Charlton Heston say, "So let it be written," puts a huge smile on my face. I'm a huge "Ten Commandments" fan and huge Charlton Heston fan. I want to say "So let it be announced." Announce the veep pick.
What do you think? Does this cut through? Because it seems to me that there's some repetitive themes from the other — "The One" ad, but it is pretty amusing. Pretty funny stuff. Boogie boarding and then Moses? Come on.
LAURA RIES, MARKETING STRATEGIST: Is it really funny?
INGRAHAM: Yes, I was laughing. Everybody in this studio was laughing.
RIES: It was funny. But really, complaining that Obama is cool, confident and charismatic? Is that going to really convince people to vote for John McCain?
INGRAHAM: No. How about arrogant and out of touch? That's the point they're trying to make. Not cool and confident.
RIES: Well, go look — look at the visual. I mean, really. Don't we want a Moses for this country? Isn't confidence a...
INGRAHAM: The seas are going to part — the seas are going to part? The clouds are going to clear? He actually said that line. I thought it was somehow doctored, but he actually said it. It's funny and it's kind of — it's one of many of these Web videos.
My question to you is does it matter? Does it cut through to people? Are regular folks who are having a tough time economically, are they on the Internet watching Moses and boogie boarding?
RIES: Well, no, probably not. And if they see it, I don't think they're totally going to get it, because it's really too much.
Listen, what is a key to a great attack ad? The key to a great attack ad is making your opponent look foolish, not by — and I don't think this gets at the heart of that, in making him look foolish. It makes him look very charismatic, with people adoring him and, you know, comparing him to Moses.
And what does John — what does John McCain need to do? He needs to whack Barack Obama down. Knock him down. Not because he's cool, not because he's confident, but because he's the tax man.
INGRAHAM: Right.
RIES: He's got a great...
INGRAHAM: I think you'll have those as well.
RIES: …hammering on experience — I think he has, but he should do all those ads like that. Listen, Hillary didn't get anywhere by attacking his experience, but John McCain...
INGRAHAM: McCain has definitely gotten some. McCain has changed the momentum of this campaign in the last several weeks by hitting hard, hitting everyday. And let me tell you, Laura. What I find so hysterical is that Barack Obama is still talking about the Britney Spears-Paris Hilton ad, even though that was — how many weeks ago was that? He's still complaining about that on the campaign trail. That worked.
RIES: And that was — well, but that was a bad ad on McCain's part as well. I don't think that was funny, and I think Paris Hilton got the last laugh on that one. She had a brilliant response. He needs to be serious. He needs to talk taxes. He needs to talk Iraq. He needs to talk oil. That's what people care about.
INGRAHAM: And I think he'll hit all those things, but it's good to have a few laughs at the same time.
RIES: Well, I hope he comes back.
INGRAHAM: Laura, we appreciate it.
RIES: I would say we're funnier.


