Congratulations to Sen. Barack Obama. He ran an excellent campaign in Iowa and won big. He deserves much credit.
And congratulations to Gov. Mike Huckabee. He also ran an excellent campaign, deserves a lot of credit, and has made the Republican race very interesting.
The reason Huckabee won is that 60 percent of the voters describe themselves as evangelical Christians, and just about all of them voted for the governor. He will not have that luxury in New Hampshire, so that state is a key test for Huckabee's staying power.
Mr. Obama won because of Iraq. He captured the Iowa anti-war vote, and that propelled him to victory. Iraq will be in play in New Hampshire, so Obama could also do very well there.
As for Hillary Clinton, she just needs to hang on. Once the campaigns roll into the big states, the senator's powerful organization should kick in. However, she has been rocked and must improve her campaigning style.
As for John Edwards, good grief, this guy has no clue.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOHN EDWARDS, DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: And tonight, 200,000 men and women who wore our uniform proudly and served this country courageously as veterans will go to sleep under bridges and on grates. We're better than this.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
That was Edwards' concession speech last night. I mean, come on. The only thing sleeping under a bridge is that guy's brain. Ten million illegal alien workers are sending billions of dollars back home, and Edwards is running around saying nobody has any money. Hard to believe.
Back to the GOP. Mitt Romney has been hurt a lot. You know that. And if John McCain beats him in New Hampshire, the governor will be in a dire position. Sen. McCain needs to win New Hampshire. If he does, he becomes the Republican front-runner.
Rudy Giuliani's strategy is the same as Sen. Clinton's. He has to hang on until the big states like New York and California kick in on Super Tuesday.
So there you have it. Chris Dodd has dropped out. There's a shocker. So did Joe Biden. Bill Richardson got two percent of the vote. See you later, governor. Ron Paul got 10 percent. No chance for him.
Finally, Fred Thompson, he's an interesting guy. He got 13 percent, but still won't talk to many people, including us. However, his wife called me on the radio today. And we'll play you some of that conversation later on. It's very interesting.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Thank God that ever since the nuclear accident at Three Mile Island in '79, America's nuclear plants have been safe and quiet. Maybe too quiet.
Take a look at this video shot at the Peach Bottom power plant in Pennsylvania. Security guards napping on the job. That is not good. Now, the guy who took the video, Kerry Beal, works at the plant, told his supervisor guards were sleeping all over the place. They didn't believe it, so Mr. Beal documented it. For protecting us all, Harry Beal is a patriot.
And then there is Leonardo DiCaprio, who according to InTouch magazine has purchased a state-of-the-art water-saving commode with a seat warmer, automatic flusher and bidet options. The cost: more than $3,200.
Now, the actor denies the report. But if it's true, Mr. DiCaprio is a pinhead, not because he bought the john with the bidet options but because he could have paid far less at Costco or someplace.

