The far-left billionaire George Soros has poured big money into the MoveOn organization, which espouses a radical left agenda and attacks those who oppose that nonsense. We have documented that for years. And frankly, MoveOn is simply boring. Most honest folks stay away from those people.
The latest smear from MoveOn is telling their Kool-Aid drinking, zombie followers that FOX News is smearing Barack Obama and is a racist concern. Of course, that's a lie. This broadcast and FNC in general has been exceedingly fair to Senator Obama. Our conservative analysts oppose Obama. Our liberal analysts like him a lot. Our hard news people give the senator the benefit of the doubt.
In short, we're fair. Our high ratings prove that. But we are not in the tank for Obama as NBC News is, for example. But in order to intimidate anyone from criticizing Obama in any way, MoveOn is playing the race card. What swell people they are.
Now thankfully, few are buying the garbage. The only public person we know that's helping MoveOn smear FOX News is far-left Congressman Robert Wexler.
Now Tuesday night, we reported Wexler doesn't even live in Florida, using a house owned by his mother-in-law as a phantom residence. Wexler's opponent for his House seat, Edward Lynch, has called for the FBI to investigate. Be that as it may. We are holding Wexler accountable for his smear against FNC.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS PRODUCER: You backed that petition for MoveOn.org that FOX News is biased or racist. Do you have anything that backs that up?
REP. ROBERT WEXLER, D-FLA.: I'd be happy to talk to you at my office. I'll go through all of it.
JENKINS: Because you sent out this e-mail…
WEXLER: That's enough, sir. I've been more than...
JENKINS: You sent us this e-mail that says — encourages your listeners to — well, here, I'll read it to you: "Below you find an important e-mail from MoveOn regarding election coverage of FOX News. I encourage every one of you to sign a petition and forward to your friends.
WEXLER: I'd be happy to answer whatever question you would like.
JENKINS: We just want to get — if you could tell me why you think FOX news is biased and racist?
WEXLER: There are many reasons. And I'd be happy...
JENKINS: Tell me.
WEXLER: We're not doing that now. Give me your card.
JENKINS: You can't tell me, can you?
WEXLER: I can give you many reasons. Give me your card. I'd be happy to talk to you as much as you wish.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
But that's not true. We invited Wexler to explain himself this evening, last evening. He refused.
Now in the beginning of this campaign, I told you that any media using the race card would be scrutinized by us, and that includes folks who may attack Senator Obama on that basis. But we have seen little of that. Instead, the vile far-left smear machines are trafficking in racial hate. And the MoveOn campaign is a vivid example of that.
To his credit, Barack Obama has not made race an issue and was embarrassed when Jesse Jackson did that a few days ago. But Obama must condemn organizations like MoveOn and Daily Kos if he truly wants to run without a race component. These are the people that are dividing Americans along racial lines. It is not a stretch to say MoveOn is the new Klan.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
In the past we've criticized rapper Kanye West for some dopey statements he made, but now he's doing a good thing. As part of a MTV special, West is going to the homes of some Iraq war vets and thanking them for their service. For this we are making Mr. West a patriot this evening.
Click here to watch the brawl!
On the pinhead front, fighting basketball ladies. Members of the Los Angeles Sparks slugged it out with the Detroit Shock in a shocking display of on-court violence. No real reason for the brawl, just the usual intense competition. Everyone involved in that is a pinhead.

