Tonight we have a major announcement, and that is a new GI bill is needed in the country. And we will work hard to make that happen this year.
"The Factor" has partnered up with Senator John Kerry in the Senate and Congressman Peter King in the House to forward legislation that will reward our fighting men and women when they leave the service.
Just this week, the foreign minister of Germany announced that his country would not grant America's request to send more troops to southern Afghanistan to fight the Taliban. Germany and many other NATO countries are pretty much sitting out the War on Terror, letting the USA carry the fight.
"Talking Points" believes that Europe in general is weak and afraid of the Islamic killers. Certainly, Spain and Italy are frightened. France under Sarkozy is manning up, but under Chirac did very little to fight terror. China and Russia actually help worldwide terror by aiding Iran. And many other countries simply do nothing.
So it is left to America to defeat these monsters, and we're doing a pretty good job of it. Al Qaeda is isolated in Pakistan, and the Taliban gets pounded in every engagement. But the sacrifice for the U.S. military is immense. These brave people are risking death, away from home, sometimes for years, and forced to obey rules of engagement that put their lives in even more danger.
Back here in the USA, people like Michael Moore call the presence of American forces in Iraq evil. A dishonest media trumps up stories about returning soldiers killing people. Hollywood pinheads make movies disrespecting the armed forces.
Enough is enough. It's long past time to expand the GI bill to give vets more health, education and housing benefits. That is the right thing to do and would help recruiting, which the country desperately needs.
Again, our military's fighting terrorism pretty much alone in a callous, cowardly world. Far-left loons may minimize the War on Terror, but sane people do not. Just this week, captured video of young Muslim fanatics training to kill people surfaced in Iraq — another reminder the jihadists remain a deadly threat. So let's look out for the folks who are looking out for us: the military.
"Talking Points" believes Congress will pass, and President Bush will sign, a new GI bill. And we'll do everything we can to make that happen.
And that is "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Hard to figure out just what kind of person actress Angelina Jolie really is, but she is doing some good as U.N. goodwill ambassador.
Ms. Jolie recently spent some time with U.S. troops in Iraq. And as you may know, not too many American celebrities are willing to do that. So we are calling Ms. Jolie a patriot this evening.
On the pinhead front, say hello to Paris Hilton. The actress traveled to Harvard to be mocked by the demented Lampoon people there. This is an annual event. Here's what Ms. Paris had to say about it.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PARIS HILTON, HOTEL HEIRESS: Is this on? Hi. Hey, everybody. I'm so excited. Thank you all for coming. And I have my speech written out. I just want to thank the "Harvard Lampoon" and thank you for everyone for coming. You don't know how much it means to me, an international icon who meets countless people every day, and all you people came all these blocks just to see me.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
There's no truth to the rumor Ms. Paris has been accepted to the Harvard Law School. Hard to tell who the pinhead is in this one, as she gets very free publicity.

