Shooting at Hillary, that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
In 1996, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton traveled to Bosnia. Last week, Senator Clinton said this about her Bosnia trip:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HILLARY CLINTON: I remember landing under sniper fire. There was supposed to be some kind of a greeting ceremony at the airport, but instead we just ran with our heads down to get into the vehicles to get to our base.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Wow! But a major problem instantly appeared. Comedian Sinbad was with Mrs. Clinton and contradicted her account. The press jumped on it.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You recall, you know, ducking under sniper fire. And Sinbad in his account, who was on the trip, he said the most dangerous part was remembering where he was going to eat next.
HILLARY CLINTON: He's a comedian, you know, John. He's a comedian.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So you actually recall, you know, hearing gunfire.
CLINTON: There was no greeting ceremony. And we basically were told to run to our cars. Now that is what happened.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
No, not according to everyone on the scene. And now Senator Clinton admits she misspoke. There was no gunfire.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HILLARY CLINTON: Well, I made a mistake in describing it. I have said many times, I have talked about this many times, that we were, you know, very much told by the Secret Service and the military that we were going into a war zone and that we had to be conscious of that.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
"Talking Points" is dubious because there have been other misstatements. For example, after she met Sir Edmund Hillary in 1995, Mrs. Clinton said she was named after him. One problem: The man became famous in 1953 for climbing Mount Everest. Hillary was born in 1947. In 2006, the senator's campaign said she was not named after Sir Edmund.
Now the key question here is: Do you care? Is this stuff important? Only you can make that call.
But the story is getting a lot of attention. So much that Mrs. Clinton told the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review, "I was sleep-deprived. I misspoke." She also told that paper today she would have left a church that had Reverend Jeremiah Wright as a pastor, deflecting the gotcha game right back to Barack Obama.
Now on "The Radio Factor" today, most callers were concerned about the Bosnia situation, saying it goes to credibility and honesty. "Talking Points" believes there is truth to that and that Senator Clinton has taken a hit, the same kind of hit that Senator Obama took when he initially said he didn't know much about the anti-Americanism of Reverend Wright. Now both Obama and Clinton have corrected the record, leaving you to decide about them.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
The ratings are in for the first three weeks of March, and once again "The Factor" is the dominant No. 1 broadcast on cable news at 8 p.m. for original programming. We beat CNN, Headline News and MSNBC combined because of you, "The Factor" viewer. And you are patriots.
On the pinhead front, actress Demi Moore is into health and healing.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DEMI MOORE, ACTRESS: I feel like I've always been somebody looking for the cutting edge of things that are for optimizing your health — health and healing. So just a week ago I was in Austria doing a cleanse, and part of the treatment was leech therapy.
DAVID LETTERMAN, HOST, "LATE SHOW WITH DAVID LETTERMAN": Really? Actually, like the blood-sucking...
MOORE: Yes, but these aren't just, like, swamp leeches. We're talking about highly trained medical leeches.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
High-class leeches. Well, for taking us back to medieval times, Ms. Moore is a pinhead. Do not try that at home.
Reminder: BillOReilly.com is donating a lot of money to send poor children to camp this summer, and you are making that happen. Our "Don't Be a Pinhead" shirts, modeled by Lis Wiehl, are selling out. And our "Don't Be a Popinjay" shirt, modeled by Martha MacCallum, are doing great as well. So you might want to check them out. This is our best selling for women, because we have both women's and men's shirts. Our best-selling item ever.

