The Obama pastor controversy, part two. That is the subject this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
Now I don't like the Reverend Wright story, but it's important. The reason I don't like it is that it hurts Senator Obama, and I'm not sure that's completely fair. I mean, it is Obama's responsibility to explain his relationship with the America-hating preacher. But I think we should hear the senator out if he decides to do that. But he had better get to it.
Now after "The Factor" showed clips of Jeremiah Wright's sermons last night, all heck broke loose in the media. At least some in the media covered it. As you may know, Reverend Wright was Barack Obama's pastor for 20 years. We now have proven beyond a reasonable doubt he is an anti-American guy and there's no question about it.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REV. JEREMIAH WRIGHT, OBAMA'S PASTOR: No, no, no. Not God bless America. God damn America. That's in the Bible. For killing innocent people. God damn America for treating citizens as less than human.
We cannot see how what we are doing is the same thing Al Qaeda is doing under a different color flag. Calling on the name of a different God to sanction and approve our murder and our mayhem.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
So we're the same as Al Qaeda. Now I'm already sick and tired of Wright. But if you would like to see more of his rantings, you can go to FOXNews.com. We have a number of his diatribes posted.
The major point here is this. Because Barack Obama is running on his judgment, a big question pops up: How can you be close to a man who hates America that much? Now, so far the Obama campaign has not answered that question. They put out a bunch of statements, but they've gone on and said stuff like this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP, "GOOD MORNING AMERICA")
SEAN CASEY, BARACK OBAMA'S ADVISER: It's interesting to me. You haven't vetted Hillary Clinton's pastor's sermons. It seems to me what you're trying to do is what some of the media tried to do to John Kennedy in 1960. That because he was a Catholic, he must embrace certain political views the Catholic Church held.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
That's Obama adviser Sean Casey. And it's nonsense. That's just BS.
Now I don't believe Senator Obama agrees with his pastor, but he again needs to explain the situation himself, not that pinhead. Again, I wouldn't sit in a church where a pastor said that. Would you? Why does Senator Obama? That's a simple question.
On the press front, the corrupt left-wing media hates this story. The Chicago Sun-Times ignored it completely. New York Times barely mentioned it. CBS and NBC News didn't report it last night on their nightly programs. ABC News had all the tape, but ran very little of it. CNN pretty much ignored it, except for Anderson Cooper.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ANDERSON COOPER: All this seems to have nothing to do with actual issues that the country is facing, which these candidates should be talking about and we probably should be talking about. So on the one hand, I mean, people are talking about it. It's clearly an issue that's building up in the campaign trail, so we end up covering it. But at the same time, it does feel just completely off track.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
And even today as the story picked up steam, CNN is ignoring it. So once again, we have a dilemma. Some media definitely in the tank for Barack Obama. There's no question. And that is wrong, ladies and gentlemen.
And that is "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Kermit the Frog is a good guy. We all know that. And this week he traveled to Capitol Hill to promote awareness for endangered amphibians. Not a good thing. We want to keep the amphibians around. So Kermit is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, mascots out of control at a basketball tournament in Oklahoma. Eli the Eagle got into a fight with Jaws the Jaguar and pandemonium ensued. They tried to break it up. They had to be separated.
"The Factor" has learned the whole thing started over a dance contest between the two Ph.D. candidates. We're kidding about the Ph.D.s. We're not kidding about them both being pinheads.

