As everyone knows, GE, which owns NBC, has been very aggressive in helping Barack Obama. First, supporting the president in the election, and now attacking his critics.
There is also emerging evidence that GE CEO Jeffrey Immelt and NBC News chief Jeff Zucker told CNBC personnel to stop criticizing Obama's economic policies. That would be a major breech of journalistic ethics. In fact, Obama critic Rick Santelli is reported to have said he was sent to a "re-education camp" by NBC.
In addition, the hateful MSNBC network continues to air vicious attacks everyday, like this one about the tea parties:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JANEANE GAROFOLO, ACTRESS: This is about hating a black man in the White House. This is racism straight up. That is nothing but a bunch of teabagging rednecks, and there is no way around that.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
This week, Immelt met with GE stockholders in Florida and there was near revolt. That's no surprise, as this week Forbes magazine has labeled Immelt one of the worst performing CEOs in the country.
"Factor" producer Jesse Watters was at the Florida meeting:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JESSE WATTERS, "FACTOR" PRODUCER: Last week on MSNBC, Janeane Garofalo said that Americans who attended tea parties and were protesting high taxes and government spending were racist rednecks. She was not challenged by the anchor on MSNBC. Are you OK with that, and do you consider that a form of hate speech, sir?
JEFFREY IMMELT, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Again, we have not censored MSNBC. Again, my own personal beliefs aside, I believe that MSNBC has some standards that they follow and that's what you are seeing.
WATTERS: With all due respect, this is the kind of hate that MSNBC traffics in on a regular basis. Are you comfortable with this? And do you think this hurts the GE brand?
IMMELT: Again, we're in the network business. We're in the MSNBC business. We compete with FOX News and CNN and others. And again, I don't censor what they do or what they say despite the fact that I might disagree with some of it, or much of it, some of the time.
WATTERS: So do you condemn those statements, Mr. Immelt?
IMMELT: Yes, sir, next question, microphone No. 2.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
And then GE turned off the mic.
Now most CEOs would have stopped NBC's corruption a long time ago, but Immelt may be looking for a big payoff.
According to reporting by The Washington Examiner, GE is heavily lobbying the Obama administration for bailout money. The company is also pushing for the proposed cap and trade program. Apparently GE has set up a joint venture it hopes would manage billions of dollars in cap and trade contracts should that carbon tax pass Congress.
Think about this. A failing corporation, General Electric, might reap billions of dollars if the feds OK the carbon deal. It is not a stretch to assume Immelt would want to help President Obama as much as possible.
We have asked Mr. Immelt a number of times to appear on "The Factor," but he will not. That's why we sent Jesse to see him.
This is a major story when a powerful company, which controls a major part of the American media, may be using its power to influence politics in order to make money from government contracts. That kind of corruption would make Watergate look small. We hope it's not true.
And that's the "Talking Points Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Actress Mia Farrow, who is a humanitarian, is beginning a 21-day hunger strike to bring attention to the atrocities in Darfur, Africa. For that, Ms. Farrow is a patriot, as the world needs to take action in this region.
On the pinhead front, this is almost too easy. Mike Tyson, a troubled guy, was asked about singer Chris Brown allegedly roughing up his girlfriend Rihanna:
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MIKE TYSON, FORMER HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION: I understand the situation. I understand passionate — passion with young kids. I understand. Know what I think? My personal opinion? He's just a baby. He's just a little baby that don't know how to handle his emotions when it comes to a woman.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Obviously Tyson has not learned much. He is a pinhead.

