Evil white men, that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo." As you may know, if you criticize a minority group in America, you will be labeled a bigot. If you criticize a woman, say Helen Thomas, you might be labeled a sexist. But if you hammer white men, you could wind up with a great media job.
Enter "New York Times" columnist Maureen Dowd, a Pulitzer Prize winner for her columns excoriating President Clinton. Ms. Dowd is one of the few "Times" columnists who actually writes interesting stuff, whether you agree with her or not . Her vision usually embraces the politically correct left-wing point of view. It doesn't make her a bad person. It's just what she believes.
Well, today, Ms. Dowd did America a big favor by writing a column entitled "White Man's Last Stand" in defense of Judge Sotomayor. The column basically says exactly what "The New York Times" believes. White men have screwed up America. They need to get out of power to be replaced by minorities and liberal women.
Now three years ago, I wrote a book called "Culture Warrior," which hit number one on "The New York Times" bestseller list. "The Times" book review hated "Culture Warrior" because I predicted exactly what's happening now, that the left wing media would promote minority candidates and causes because they despise the white man power structure.
One aside: Americans should always support the best, most honest candidates, no matter what color they are. In her "White Man's Last Stand" column, Maureen Dowd writes, "President Obama wants Sotomayor naturally to bring a fresh perspective to the court. It was a disgrace that [President Bush] appointed two white men to a court stocked with white men."
Well, that may come as a shock to Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg. And didn't President Bush want to appoint Harriet Miers to the Supreme Court? Last time I looked, she is not a white man.
By the way, here's what Ms. Dowd wrote about Ms. Miers: "I hope President Bush doesn't have any more office wives tucked away in the White House. There are only so many supremely powerful jobs to give to women who are not qualified to get them."
Interesting. So it sounds like Ms. Dowd has a problem with nonliberal women as well as with white men. She writes today, "Sarah Palin is the definition of irrational, a volatile and scattered country-music queen without the music."
So the hits just keep on coming. White men are bad, conservative women are stupid, and country music should not be heard in the Supreme Court, or something. I hope everybody reads Maureen Dowd's entire column which I posted on billoreilly.com. It clearly demonstrates what the left wing media is doing, marginalizing all with whom they disagree, and demonizing entire groups of people they see as evil or dumb. White men, conservative women, country music fans. Are we going to take this? That is "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Time now for "Pinheads and Patriots." In Chicago, a man named Jim Andrews has started a business called Felony Franks. The fast food joint is set up to set up ex cons to give them a break, to get them back in the workplace. For doing this, Mr. Andrews is a patriot because the "Factor" believes in redemption.
On the Pinhead front, last week we had a lively debate with Al Sharpton, as I mentioned, over the legacy of Michael Jackson. I made my point that Jackson is not a black icon and the Reverend made his, that Jackson is a role model for African-Americans.
But then, Sharpton apparently told "Essence" magazine, "I debated Bill O'Reilly, and he ironically, said that Michael Jackson wasn't a pioneer like James Brown. I said, that's funny, because you attacked James Brown when he died, too."
That's totally false, on both fronts. I never criticized James Brown when he died, ever. And Sharpton said nothing like that on this program. So the Reverend's a pinhead, and might take note, we only book honest guests on this program, sir.

