The NBC program "Law & Order" is run by a far-left guy named Dick Wolf who often uses the program to promote his progressive point of view.
A recent "Law & Order: SVU" featured a guy killing kids, children of illegal immigrants, and Wolf approved this piece of dialogue:
Click here to watch Bill's "Talking Points"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ICE-T, "LAW & ORDER" STAR: I don't get why you are defending this wacko.
JOHN LARROQUETTE, "LAW & ORDER" GUEST STAR: It's a symptom, not the disease.
ICE-T: That symptom killed three kids.
LARROQUETTE: Garrison, Limbaugh, Beck, O'Reilly, all of them. They're like a cancer spreading ignorance and hate. I mean, they have convinced folks that immigrants are the problem, not corporations that fail to pay a living wage or a broken health care system.
ICE-T: Save the soap box, Randy. The cameras aren't even running.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
That is simply defamatory and outrageous, and Dick Wolf is a coward for putting it out there.
He's also a liar. I have consistently defended poor people who only want a better life:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: I've always said if I were a poor Mexican, I would try to cross the border and earn money here and send it back to my family. I don't blame the illegal aliens. I blame the federal governments of both Mexico and the United States of America.
I've said many, many times, and perhaps you've heard me say that if I were a poor person in Central America or Mexico, I would come here illegally to feed my family as well.
Most illegal aliens are good people. They are poor. They are Catholic. They have come to America to try for better lives. All compassionate people should sympathize with the downtrodden all over the world.
It's hard to say that Jesus wouldn't want everybody to get health care. On a humanitarian basis, you don't argue with them.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
If you watch "The Factor" you know my beef is with the federal government not controlling illegal immigration and with violent aliens who wreak havoc once they get here.
Again, Dick Wolf, the executive producer of "Law & Order," is a despicable human being for distorting and exploiting this very complicated situation.
I mean, enough is enough with these network pinheads who shove propaganda down our throats under the guise of entertainment. Patriotic Americans can debate illegal immigration respectfully. No one on "The Factor" has been allowed to demonize any innocent human being, and it is partially because of this program that the border fence was finally put up so that there could be some kind of responsible regulation about who comes into America.
I can't tell you how angry I am that this "Law & Order" thing happened, and it's no accident it happened on NBC, which is propaganda central in the USA. It's also the lowest-rated network.
But again, enough is enough. I'm calling out Dick Wolf.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Congressman Henry Brown from South Carolina says he will introduce a "Stand Up for Christmas" bill.
The congressman says: "I am troubled by the growing sentiment that the phrase 'Merry Christmas' is not appropriate and I am worried that attempts to celebrate a 'politically correct' holiday season may cause the loss of some of the traditions sacred to this widely celebrated holiday."
We believe Mr. Brown is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, it is easy to pick on the young actress Lindsay Lohan. She is a troubled woman.
The latest Internet deal has the 23-year-old Ms. Lohan posing on a bed for a magazine shoot.
Now voyeurism aside, we believe the situation here is serious. There have been many young entertainers, people like Janis Joplin and Marilyn Monroe, who died from excess.
There is no question Ms. Lohan needs an intervention and fast. Anyone who denies that is a pinhead.

