Speaking to the press in Mexico, Secretary Clinton said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HILLARY CLINTON, SEC'Y OF STATE: It is drug demand in the United States which drives the drugs north across our border. If there were not such a high level of demand, it wouldn't be so profitable and you wouldn't have these drug gangs fighting for territory because they make so much money selling drugs to Americans.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
And you know what? Mrs. Clinton is mostly correct. Without the American drug market, the cartels would be far less powerful.
However, Mexico would still be corrupt because that country has never been able to develop a vibrant middle class or build a solid economic base, and that's all on Mexico. We have nothing to do with that failure.
But back to the drugs. The baby boomers are mostly responsible for the drug problem in the USA. The Woodstock generation thought it was cool to get stoned, and that has carried over and gotten even worse in our permissive society.
The far left wants to legalize drugs, even though that policy has failed everywhere it's been tried. Go visit Holland and find out. The far left also wants to allow many drug criminals to evade prison. They consider selling heroin, cocaine and meth a "non-violent crime," even though those drugs enslave and kill.
So there are very mixed messages on the drug front in America, and millions of folks buy and use illegal narcotics, a selfish act that helps killers.
Secretary Clinton also mentioned gun smuggling from the USA to Mexico. There are about nine guns for every 10 people in this country because of our tradition of self-reliance. The Second Amendment rightly gives Americans the right to defend themselves.
Take it from me: The authorities cannot protect you from harm. Just look at what happened in New Orleans after Katrina. Anyone caught in that town without a weapon was in grave danger from roving criminals.
And there is no question that thugs are using guns to do an enormous amount of damage, so here is the solution that Hillary Clinton should embrace:
1: All gun crimes should be federal. Anyone committing a crime with a gun or smuggling guns faces a minimum 20 years in prison. That will make the risk-reward on gun crimes very tough.
2: The National Guard should finally be stationed on the Mexican border in force to assist the Border Patrol. That would immediately make it far more difficult to smuggle drugs in and guns out.
3: A national media campaign using President Obama as a spokesperson should inform Americans that buying illegal drugs is self-destructive and un-American. Since President Obama has some drug experience, he is the right person to get this message across, especially to young people.
As for Mexico, President Calderon is a brave man who is trying to defeat these vicious drug lords. The USA should stand with him.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
As we reported earlier this week, the It Happened to Alexa Foundation helps rape victims and their families. I did a fund-raiser for them last week in Florida.
Well after we told you about Alexa Branchini, who had been raped as a college student, more than 200 "Factor" viewers donated to the foundation. Here's the Web site if you would like to help this very worthy cause: ItHappenedtoAlexa.org.
Obviously everyone who helps the Alexa Foundation is a patriot and fighting evil people at the same time.
On the pinhead front, I don't get to watch the "Tyra Banks" program during the day. I'm usually working and the show is confusing to me because stuff like this happens with former "American Idol" contestant Katharine McPhee:
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KATHARINE MCPHEE, FORMER "AMERICAN IDOL" CONTESTANT: They're saying that my boobs are fake, and I have to admit, it really bothers me because it's something that's yours and they're saying it's not yours.
TYRA BANKS, TALK SHOW HOST: It's very frustrating. But when you walked out, I saw them jiggle.
MCPHEE: They jiggle.
BANKS: Can I touch them?
MCPHEE: Yeah. Are they real?
BANKS: They are real.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
I'm going to let you sort out who the pinhead is here, and I suspect you will do that rapidly.

