As we have been reporting, a 5-year-old girl was raped and a 6-year-old boy, her brother, allegedly sexually abused by a convicted felon. The children are poor. They have no one looking out for them. And the Oklahoma governor, attorney general, presiding judge and the DA all threw these kids away.
Let's begin with the crime. On May 13, 64-year-old convicted felon David Earls pled no contest to raping the 5-year-old girl. District Attorney Jim Bob Miller made a deal with the attorney for Earls. The monster would only serve one year in prison. Miller says he was worried about the evidence. Judge Thomas Bartheld allowed the plea, even though Earls had been previously convicted of two violent crimes, and the 5-year-old girl qualified to be a witness.
Now "The Factor" has been investigating the judge, and we found out he has put children at risk before. In the most notorious case, Judge Bartheld placed a severely abused child with a grandfather who did not protect the boy. He was beaten to death by his mother, who had abused him in the first place. She pled guilty in that case. The 2-year-old boy, Ryan Luke, died because of Judge Bartheld's ruling leading the state of Oklahoma to retrain all judges in child abuse cases. Yet, Bartheld kept advancing in the Oklahoma legal world. Why? Because he's a friend of Governor Brad Henry, that's why. In fact, they went to college together, and Henry has done absolutely nothing in the latest case of the 5-year-old rape victim. In fact, we asked the governor for a comment. He is hiding, and so is Oklahoma Attorney General Drew Edmondson, who has done absolutely nothing as well about the rape of the 5-year-old. Now the Oklahoma press is confronting Edmondson.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The plea bargain in this case was made public almost four weeks ago, and yet your announcement of being outraged by it and starting an investigation was not made until yesterday, almost a week after FOX News went national with the story and the same day of your official announcement to run for governor. What do you say to those who find something cynical in your statement?
DREW EDMONDSON, OKLAHOMA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Well, I would refer to the first statement that I made in this interview today. The attorney general does not supervise DAs.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
That is false. The attorney general can investigate any miscarriage of justice in Oklahoma. Mr. Edmondson is not telling the truth, and as you heard, he's running for governor, if you can believe it.
Finally, let's go back to the rapist, Earls. Recently, his own daughter, now an adult, came forward saying he raped her as a child. Despite that, Earls could be out of jail in just a few weeks. This is justice in America?
When Geraldo went to Oklahoma a few weeks ago, Judge Bartheld ran and hid. And he has good reason to hide. In addition to botching two horrendous child abuse cases, one leading to death, Bartheld sentenced Earls to county jail, not to state prison. It's obvious the judge is not fit to serve.
So let's sum up. Governor of Oklahoma doesn't care. Attorney general doesn't care. District attorney botches the case. And the sentencing judge gives incredible leniency to a proven monster. This is happening in the United States of America.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
In England, 1-year-old Dyno, a cocker spaniel, is lucky to be alive. Seems the puppy got a bit muddy in the wet British weather, and his owner tried to shower him off in a toilet. Well, you know what happened. Presto, Dyno vanished, and the plumbers were called. Using a high-tech gizmo, they found Dyno underground and rescued him. So the plumbers are patriots, and so is Dyno for hanging tough.
On the pinhead front, more danger on the runway.
Click here to see the model's mishap on the runway!
Now, this is the second time I've had to make a runway a pinhead. Couldn't possibly be the model's fault.

