As you know, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid are the two most powerful Democrats in the country — next to President Obama, of course. Well Tuesday, speaking after their meeting with the president about Afghanistan, there was this display:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. HARRY REID, D-NEV.: Madam Speaker, the one thing that I think was interesting is that everyone, Democrats and Republicans, said whatever decision you make, we'll support it, basically. So we will see.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now am I reading that wrong? Did Ms. Pelosi look uncomfortable? Was there a little eye roll there?
Certainly Republicans think there is tension between Pelosi and Reid, but again, you're going to have to make the call. This could all be just an awkward moment, not anything more. But there is no question the Democratic Congress is having big problems.
According to a Gallup poll released this week, just 21 percent of Americans believe Congress, controlled by the Democrats, is doing a good job. That is down 10 points in one month.
Also, the Rasmussen Daily Tracking Poll has the president at 48 percent approval on Thursday — down three points in three days.
So what is going on? I believe many independent Americans see weak leadership coming from the president and Congress. Health care is a mess, Afghanistan is unsettled, unemployment is about 10 percent and climbing, and it seems the Democratic leadership has few solutions.
Speaker Pelosi, for example, apparently opposes more troops to Afghanistan:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
NANCY PELOSI, SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE: I don't think there's a great deal of support for sending more troops to Afghanistan in the country or in the Congress.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
What Ms. Pelosi does not seem to understand is that failure in Afghanistan means a huge blow to American prestige. It would be a big win for the terrorists.
It is not enough to oppose. You have to have a better idea. Does Pelosi have solutions? Does Reid? Does the president?
Hope is one thing. Solving complicated and vitally important problems is quite something else.
The Democrats have had eight and a half months to improve the nation. So far, they have failed to do that.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
First dog Bo hitched a ride on Air Force One recently, but he reportedly committed an outrage on board. Something few of us like to confront. Something that requires a massive cleanup. Are you getting my drift here?
Whoever cleaned up after Bo is indeed a patriot, because we can't have that on Air Force One.
On the pinhead front, this Levi Johnston guy never goes away. He impregnated Bristol Palin, as you know, and now he wants to be rewarded for that.
The latest is that Mr. Johnston will pose for Playgirl magazine. There's only one problem: There is no Playgirl magazine anymore. It's Playgirl online.
We don't think Mr. Johnston cares. He just wants the exposure, pardon the pun.
Pinhead? Not even close — of course he is.

