This is a rush transcript from "The O'Reilly Factor," February 10, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Culture Warrior" segment tonight: a lot to tell you about on this octuplet scandal in California. While much of the media and some medical people were celebrating the birth of eight babies to a single mother, I said this:
Click here to watch the segment!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: The state of California now is responsible for these 14 children, not the mother. The mother is a nut. The mother is something wrong with her.
LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Right.
O'REILLY: No normal person does this.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, now we find out that the mother, 33-year-old Nadya Suleman, has been on welfare for years, and three of her other six young children have disabilities. All 14 kids are products of in vitro.
The irresponsible doctor who implanted the embryos into Ms. Suleman is Michael Kamrava, who works at the West coast IVF Clinic in Beverly Hills. The guy has had a number of beefs against him, and the state needs to look at him very closely. I would suspend his license immediately.
Now the mother and the 14 children will soon be returning to Suleman's mother and father's home, and the grandparents apparently are desperate.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ANGELA SULEMAN, OCTUPLET'S GRANDMOTHER: It's just very difficult to, you know, cope with all of this because she already has six beautiful children. Why would she do this? How she's going to cope, I really don't know. I'm really tired of taking care of those six. I need her to really think of what she's going to do and how she's going to provide for these — all of these children.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, all of that should have been thought about before. So what should happen now? With us, the "Culture Warriors," FOX News analysts Margaret Hoover and Monica Crowley.
Monica, I'm calling for the state of California to remove all the children from the home. I know that's drastic, but you've got three out of the six that have got disabilities. She's on welfare. The state of California is going to have to pay for this whole deal now. She's obviously disturbed. Something wrong with the woman. We've seen her in interviews. You know, this, that, and the other thing. I think the state has got to go in. What do you think?
MONICA CROWLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I agree. I think that the state of California since burden, the financial burden is now on the taxpayers of California. The state should come in. They should take those children into their custody. The state's paying for them anyway. And this mother should be taken into custody and put under psychiatric evaluation.
O'REILLY: Right, right.
CROWLEY: I agree that she's got some serious mental illness here going on from what we see. And I'm not a doctor, but she seems to have some sort of Angelina Jolie obsession. With all these children, she even looks like her. Without the resources or the partner of Angelina Jolie. And it also seems to me that the doctor, as you said, his license should be suspended. I agree with that.
O'REILLY: Oh, he's got to be.
CROWLEY: He should also be placed under psychiatric evaluation.
O'REILLY: Well, the doctor has got to lose his license if there — you know, look, you don't convict people without a trial, but you protect the kids, No. 1. I want everybody to understand this. What our goal is here is to protect all American children. Protect them, all right. Not to reap vengeance on the mother or even the idiot doctor. But the doctor did something heinous so the state has to step in.
Now Hoover, the Angelina Jolie thing is — I want to talk about that for a moment. The woman resembles Angelina Jolie in a way. I don't believe she's had cosmetic surgery. We investigated this. We went back and we looked at the woman eight years ago. She hasn't had anything really done. But the way — the grandiose way she posed herself to the "Today" show as a person who loves children, has to get love from the children, all of this crazy stuff, tells us that she's not living in the real world here.
MARGARET HOOVER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You know, she has all this psycho babble to rationalize her actions, how she wants to fulfill her child, she wants connectivity and closeness.
O'REILLY: Right.
HOOVER: In a way, she almost threw her parents under the bus, suggesting like her parents didn't give her enough love…
O'REILLY: My God.
HOOVER: ...and that's why she wants to have kids to give her kids love. And it's psycho babble BS. What really needs to happen here is people who can afford to raise these children because they have medical problems, there's going to be a lot of issues with these kids…
O'REILLY: Right.
HOOVER: ...when you're born at 1.5 pounds. People who can afford to raise these children give them the medical care and love them should adopt them.
O'REILLY: But you can't do that yet.
HOOVER: And I don't know.
O'REILLY: She has rights.
HOOVER: She can choose.
O'REILLY: This woman has rights.
HOOVER: She can — there can be a massive intervention that can choose that isn't involving the state where she could voluntarily put them up.
O'REILLY: She won't.
HOOVER: I agree. She's not — she's unlikely…
O'REILLY: She's not going to do that.
HOOVER: But…
O'REILLY: But I think the state has to take steps right now to protect the children, OK, to get the woman — as Monica pointed out — psychiatric evaluation so that they know exactly who they're dealing with here. I mean, obviously, this is a three bedroom house.
HOOVER: It's squalor.
O'REILLY: You've got 14 kids and three adults.
CROWLEY: They're living in a disaster area. This home is not conducive to raising healthy children.
HOOVER: Piles of clothes, food on the walls.
CROWLEY: It's really — and this is where the state might actually have justification for entering the home and apprehending those children.
O'REILLY: Sure.
HOOVER: Look, if the state can tell Britney Spears that she is incapable of being…
O'REILLY: Sure, they took the kids away from Britney Spears.
HOOVER: ...custody from Britney Spears, they can absolutely — and a case has actually been made to the media already.
O'REILLY: That's an excellent point, Hoover. And it pains me to admit it. But just remember, ladies and gentlemen, the state of California took Britney Spears' kids away because she was riding without a seatbelt.
(CROSSTALK)
CROWLEY: They also had her under psychiatric evaluation.
HOOVER: And she had two.
O'REILLY: Right.
CROWLEY: And she determined to be unfit at that.
O'REILLY: But I thought that was a grandstand play at that time.
CROWLEY: Yeah.
O'REILLY: I thought that was unfair to Ms. Spears.
CROWLEY: But it wasn't. But here's the difference. Britney Spears had an ex-husband who was the father of those children. We have no idea — I mean, this was sperm donor essentially, right? So there's nobody to take.
O'REILLY: Well, Dr. Frankenstein is responsible.
CROWLEY: Right.
O'REILLY: Dr. Frankenstein is the guy who did…
CROWLEY: Maybe, Bill, we should give the eight babies to Dr. Frankenstein to raise.
O'REILLY: No, no, no. Here's what we should do. Everybody in L.A. should get torches. I'm going to go out there next week. I'll lead you guys. We'll all meet. Let's meet in Beverly Hills, all right, on Rodeo Drive. Remember the scene in Frankenstein…
CROWLEY: Yeah.
O'REILLY: ...where the burgomaster got all the people in town and they walked up with torches?
CROWLEY: Burgomaster.
O'REILLY: That's what we'll do to this guy, Dr. Frankenstein.
CROWLEY: Here's the other point, Bill. It's she had no qualms about going through this multiple pregnancy knowing she couldn't support the kids because she had been on welfare.
O'REILLY: She doesn't have any money. She's unemployed.
CROWLEY: But this — the idea that big government sort of encourages this kind of behavior. She had no qualms about having…
O'REILLY: We're going to….
HOOVER: And she lied.
O'REILLY: We're going to ask Governor Schwarzenegger, who's a good guy, to basically have his social services people protect the children. I think the governor will. If he doesn't, well, we'll continue to report on it.
Ladies, thanks very much. We appreciate it.


