There are basically two camps when it comes to not liking Barack Obama.
The first group is made up of conservatives who basically see the president as a far-left guy who's bent on changing America forever. One of the leaders of this group is radio commentator Rush Limbaugh:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
RUSH LIMBAUGH, TALK RADIO HOST: I'm really, really worried. We've never seen this kind of radical leadership at such a high level of power in the country. I believe that the economy is under siege. It's being destroyed. Anybody with any economic literacy would not do one thing this administration has done to try to revitalize the private sector. They're destroying it, and I have to think that it may be on purpose because this is just outrageous what is happening.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
My question is: Why would President Obama want to destroy the economy when that would damage him? He'd never be re-elected.
However, there is no question that millions of Americans think Mr. Obama harbors ill will for traditional America, that he wants to break down our entire system. This is a passionate belief on the right.
The other camp of critics are more select in their disenchantment. For example, millions of Americans think that Obamacare is a disaster. And it's hard to argue with that.
The latest proposal put forth by Nancy Pelosi runs 2,000 pages long. It is impossible to figure out the consequences of Mrs. Pelosi's vision.
But here's a hint: The Congressional Budget Office now says only two percent of Americans under 65 years old would participate in government-run health care, even though that program would cost more than a trillion dollars.
"Talking Points" now opposes Obamacare. I gave it a fair shot, but it is far too chaotic. The government should step back, rethink and try again next year.
Any politician voting for a 2,000-page mishmash of ill-defined mandates is misguided to say the least. America can do better than this. So criticism of President Obama on health care is certainly justified and it is not an ideological play.
Likewise on Afghanistan, where the president seems to be confused on how to wage that war. "Talking Points" is waiting patiently for Mr. Obama to define the situation, but it has taken an extremely long time for him to make up his mind.
Legitimate criticism of the commander in chief is necessary in a vibrant democracy. Ideological criticisms really don't solve any problems.
So "Talking Points" will continue to evaluate President Obama on a case-by-case basis, using facts instead of emotion to analyze his actions.
By the way, I don't think the president wants to purposely destroy the economy.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
As you know, we support the Wounded Warrior Project here. It is vital that all Americans help our brave military people and their families.
That's what Florida Gov. Charlie Crist is doing. He's asked Congress to assist caregivers to wounded military people, and Congress should do that. Gov. Crist is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, this guy Jon Gosselin is annoying, is he not? If you don't think so, listen to this complaint about his former role of stay-at-home dad to eight kids:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JON GOSSELIN, REALITY TV STAR: It's hard for a man to stay home for two years and change diapers and make meals and deal with doctor's appointments, and all the stuff you expect your wife to do.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Mr. Gosselin is a pinhead.

