As we told you Thursday night, it’s difficult to cover this story in a fair way because there are so many elements contained in the massive spending bill, and nobody knows whether the flood of money will actually blunt the recession. It is a huge gamble.
But Friday we learned that the radical left MoveOn group is pushing hard for the stimulus bill to be passed. MoveOn is employing its usual scorched earth tactics, including funneling money to left-wing loons so they can put out ads like this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Listen to what Rush Limbaugh said about President Obama’s agenda and his jobs package.
RUSH LIMBAUGH: I hope he fails.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The Obama jobs bill overwhelmingly passed the House, but not one Republican voted yes. Every Republican member of the House chose to take Rush Limbaugh’s advice. Every Republican voted with Limbaugh and against creating four million new American jobs. We can understand why an extreme partisan like Rush Limbaugh wants President Obama’s jobs program to fail, but the members of Congress elected to represent the citizens in their districts? That’s another matter.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Sounds a little like Tokyo Rose, doesn’t it?
Now, that group is associated with MoveOn, and they’re both so radical and so hateful, that anything they support has to be scrutinized all day long. Why do these far-lefties want so much government spending? There’s got to be an ideological component to it. They’re not looking out for you.
Now many believe the stimulus package is an economic coup d’état, that it allows the feds to control Americans by doling out jobs and money. If the folks are dependent on one political party for their well-being, they’re always going to vote for that political party. That’s what happened in Illinois. The Democratic machine there bought so many voters it is essentially a one-party state. And we saw how that worked out.
"Talking Points" wants to be fair in the debate over how to get out of this vicious recession. We want to be smart, and we want to be compassionate to those who are getting hurt. But we believe MoveOn is a very dangerous organization, and the passion the far left is bringing to this debate is disturbing.
And that’s "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
As you may know, "The Factor" uses a lot of strange words, like pecksniffian, blooter and poltroon. Now there is a word search puzzle you can play right in your own home that features many "Factor" words, but not pinhead.
Syndicated by the Universal Press, it’s already appeared in more than 200 newspapers. You can go to BillOReilly.com and check it out if you want to be a patriot. It’s a lot of fun.
On the pinhead front, tough guy Matt Damon, who stars in the "Bourne" movies, has issues, as they say in California, with James Bond. Speaking to the Miami Herald, Damon said: "Bond is an imperialist, misogynist sociopath who goes around bedding women and swilling martinis and killing people. He’s repulsive."
Wow, does Miss Moneypenny know that? Matt may be taking all that a little too seriously. It's a fictional character. Could be a pinhead.

