No way am I going to quiet down about the far left wanting to release military pictures of prisoner abuse. Those photos were taken in the course of criminal investigations, probes that put some American military people in prison. But now, anti-American loons want the world to see those pictures, knowing they would embarrass America and put our military in the field in even more danger.
President Obama is fighting the release of the pictures, but he needs to classify them. He is the commander-in-chief. It is his job to protect Americans, including the military.
Now, Monday night we told you that The New York Times and other committed-left media want the pictures out so they can blame them on President Bush and the Republican Party. It is a pure political play.
But the ACLU is a different story. That vile organization believes the USA is a bad place desperately in need of an overhaul. The ACLU sympathizes with The New York Times, but takes the situation much farther.
If you don't believe me, consider what is happening here in New York City. Once riddled with violent crime, New York is now largely safe, thanks to aggressive policing instituted by Bill Bratton and Rudy Giuliani. Thousands of lives have been saved because the cops here are pro-active. They try to stop crime before it happens by keeping close tabs on the bad guys. From the jump the ACLU opposed that, insisting the police only be reactive, responding after the damage was done.
Recently, the New York chapter of the ACLU filed a complaint against the police, charging they were stopping black people more than white people for questioning. The ACLU says this is bias, their usual charge. But a study by the Rand Corporation shows that 69 percent of New York City violent crime victims describe their assailants as black. Five percent are described by victims as white. So if you are investigating or trying to stop crimes, to whom would you be talking?
But the ACLU doesn't care about that. They believe that society causes some blacks to be violent, America's basic unfairness manufacturers criminals. It is the country's fault, not the perpetrator's fault.
I write about this anti-American mindset in "Culture Warrior," but now the issue is becoming one of life and death. Just about every military expert in the country believes any exposition of prisoner abuse will result in dead soldiers. And most criminal justice experts say if you cut back on pro-active policing, more Americans will die in the streets.
I believe the ACLU is the most dangerous, anti-American organization in the country. If clear-thinking Americans do not confront this group and their support system in the media, people will die.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Our pal Greta Van Susteren was on Amtrak when she saw a woman having a reaction. She was choking. Greta assisted the woman and stabilized the situation by treating her food allergy. Since Greta herself has the condition, she knew exactly what to do, and Ana Marie Cox, the woman involved, says Greta might have saved her life.
Ironically, Ms. Cox is a far-left person who now may owe her life to the FOX News Channel. Be that as it may, Greta is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, our pal Jesse Ventura said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JESSE VENTURA, FORMER GOVERNOR OF MINNESOTA: If waterboarding is OK, why didn't we waterboard McVeigh and Nichols, the Oklahoma City bombers, to find out if there were more people involved?
JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": What's your answer to that? Why didn't we?
VENTURA: Well, I don't know. We only seem — we only seem to waterboard Muslims.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Once again, it is left to me to provide sanity. McVeigh and Nichols were entitled to Constitutional protections because they were arrested in the United States and charged with crimes. The three Al Qaeda who were waterboarded were picked up overseas in a wartime action. I don't want to confuse the former governor of Minnesota with facts. Let's just say on this one, he's a pinhead.

