Monday night we told you about the murder of George Tiller, the late-term abortion doctor in Kansas shot dead by an anti-government militant while he attended church last Sunday. We also told you that NBC News and other ultra-liberal outlets were blaming me and FOX News for inciting the killer.
Now we have the murder of 23-year-old William Long, an Army private allegedly murdered by a Muslim militant in Arkansas. Police say 24-year-old Abdulhakim Muhammad, aka Carlos Bledsoe, a convert to Islam, told the cops he killed Private Long and wounded another soldier because of what the military had done to Muslims.
So here is my question: Is NBC News complicit in the murder of Private Long? After all, that network has relentlessly branded the United States as a torture nation, a country run by human rights violators. Didn't NBC News incite Mr. Muhammad to kill the soldier?
The answer is no. The killer is a loon. The media had nothing to do with it. That is the truth.
However, Private Long's situation will not be heavily debated on NBC News because they're not much interested in the truth. Brian Williams is a big problem here. Monday night, as managing editor of the "Nightly News," he allowed a correspondent to highlight me as a villain in the Tiller situation. Williams takes his orders directly from NBC president Jeff Zucker, a committed liberal who has completely ruined the news operation, turning it into the most far-left outfit in the history of broadcasting. Zucker has also destroyed NBC's prime-time entertainment lineup.
Now if you saw the hate MSNBC spewed Monday night, there can be no question that NBC News is now totally out of control. Remember, NBC has never, ever said a negative word about Tiller's activities, which include aborting an estimated 60,000 fetuses, many of them viable. Tiller became a millionaire doing this, earning the disdain of millions.
In fact, according to Gallup, 72 percent of Americans object to late-term abortion. Thirty-six states have laws against it. Only three clinics in the entire country destroy fetuses after 21 weeks. But you'll never hear any of that on NBC News.
The blame once again falls on General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt, the overall boss of NBC. Immelt is using his news operation to promote the Obama administration and liberal activities, while seeking billion-dollar government contracts from the president. But what Mr. Immelt may not know is that federal authorities have developed information about General Electric doing business with Iran, deadly business. "The Factor" is now vetting the information. If we can confirm the data about roadside bombs, we will present it to you.
In the meantime, here is Mr. Immelt's e-mail address: jeffrey.immelt@ge.com. It's easy: jeffrey.immelt@ge.com. The mailing address is General Electric Company, 3135 Easton Turnpike, Fairfield, Connecticut, 06828. Jeffrey Immelt, General Electric, Easton Turnpike, Fairfield Connecticut, 06828.
In light of the Tiller situation, other hateful attacks from NBC News, I would like you to write a respectful note to Immelt — respectful note — letting him know exactly how you feel because he is the man in charge. All of NBC's misdeeds are on him. If we get 100,000 notes to Immelt, maybe he'd wise up. And again, we'll post Immelt's address on BillOReilly.com if you didn't get it.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
You may remember the sad story of 8-year-old Sean Goldman who was taken by his mother to Brazil. She died, but the boy was not allowed to return to his father, David Goldman, who lives in New Jersey.
Well, through the determination of Mr. Goldman and the intervention of Secretary of State Clinton, Sean is headed back to Jersey. The Brazilian courts did the right thing by ruling the boy should return here, and Mr. Goldman and Secretary Clinton are patriots for fighting the good fight.
On the pinhead front, you may remember the wife of Governor Rod Blagojevich, Patti. Kind of a tough cookie. Now on a reality program, where she did this:
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MYLEEN KLAAS, CO-HOST, "I'M A CELEBRITY, GET ME OUT OF HERE": You will be eating a tarantula.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The whole thing. Put the whole thing in your mouth.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Just swallow it.
PATTI BLAGOJEVICH, WIFE OF ROD BLAGOJEVICH: It had this musty, yeasty flavor that was not good at all, but I just thought, well, you know, I'll start chewing it and see what happens.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Why not? Obviously, Ms. Blagojevich is a pinhead. Our condolences to the spider.

