With the announcement Friday that President Obama will leave about 50,000 troops in Iraq after the bulk of U.S. forces withdraw in 2010, it is becoming clear that on foreign policy the president will govern from the center.
But it is also now certain that he is a far-left guy on domestic policy. The new budget is simply stunning. Mr. Obama wants to spend more money than at any time since World War II.
Predictably, quasi-socialists like New York Times columnist Paul Krugman are delirious with joy. Here comes the nanny state, starring President Obama and Fran Drescher.
Also predictably, conservatives like Glenn Beck are outfitting caves in the mountains. The decline and fall of America is at hand.
"Talking Points" cannot imagine any Republican senator supporting the massive budget, so it will have trouble getting passed.
But the die has been cast. President Obama is "all in" for a colossal change in American society. That change means the rich will support the poor. Americans who do not succeed will have their bills paid by people like me — and Barack Obama when he becomes a private citizen again.
That also means we'll have some kind of new energy in this country, but nobody knows when or what. However, there's plenty of money that will fund the mystery.
And gazillions more dollars will flow into America's schools. What this will do, I don't know because if the kids walk around all day with iPods in their ears and rings in their noses, money simply won't matter.
Now, "Talking Points" knows he's a mean guy. Criticizing the kids? Come on, how can I do that? Whining about paying other people's bills? That's just downright mean, is it not?
Well that's how the far-left is portraying it. Listen to this new commercial from some progressive loons:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: An economy in crisis, a president determined to act, but what did Republican leaders say to President Obama's jobs and recovery plan?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What did they say to 3.5 million jobs?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What did they say to tax cuts for 95 percent of working Americans?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So who are Republican leaders listening to?
RUSH LIMBAUGH, RADIO TALK SHOW HOST: I want him to fail.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Tell them America won't take no for an answer anymore.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
That's what passes for debate these days on the far left: running down anyone with whom they disagree.
But as "Talking Points" said Thursday night, President Obama is taking an enormous gamble, one that will affect all of our lives. He has audacity, no question. But the outcome is still mostly hope.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Once a year the Filene's Basement department store here in New York City mounts a sale called the "Running of the Brides." The ladies line up hours ahead of time to get discounts on wedding dresses, and then when the doors open the track meet begins. The excitement is generated by dresses that once cost thousands of dollars marked down to hundreds of dollars.
Now this might be a stretch, but I'm making the ladies patriots because they are thrifty, and we need that in America. So there.
On the pinhead front, welcome to Will Ferrell's world. The comedian, currently starring in the hit Broadway play about President Bush, started out as the "Senior Prince of the Winter Ball" at University High School in Irvine, California.
Click here to see the picture!
Now anyone seeing this picture back then could have predicted Mr. Ferrell would achieve great success. The only mystery: in what area?
Pinhead? You make the call.

