

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Back of the Book" segment tonight, "Reality Check," where no subject is safe from truth-telling.
"Check" one: In a sad day for America, Al Franken is now a U.S. senator. The Minnesota Supreme Court ruled he won the election by about 300 votes. Franken is a blatantly dishonest individual, a far-left zealot who is not qualified to hold any office, a man who trafficked in hate on his failed Air America radio program. If you want proof, check out page 96 in my book "Culture Warrior." With people like Franken on the Hill, this country is in deep trouble.
Click here to watch "Reality Check"!
"Check" 2: As mentioned, I was in Switzerland last week, and I did not see any litter on the street. Let me repeat: I drove hundreds of miles. There was no litter anywhere. Switzerland is the cleanest country in the world.
And I went there to look at the Swiss environmental approach. The place is stunning. There are 7.5 — there are 12.5, I should say, million people living in Switzerland, 22 percent foreign-born, but apparently they are all green. This, according to the environmental performance index.
Switzerland is No. 1 in the world, and it shows.
Health care is mandatory for the Swiss, but the government does not pay. The worker and the company do. However, the poor receive subsidies from the government. You can choose your own doctor there.
Retirement is also funded by workers, not by the government. By law, retirement contributions are deducted from all paychecks. Companies are also required to pay into retirement accounts.
If you want to become a Swiss citizen, they don't want you. It takes 12 years or longer, and you can be rejected without a reason. You sneak in there, they will boot you right out.
Income taxes top out at about 40 percent, just about like here. There are a number of other taxes, like here. But very little poverty, not like here. Only three percent of Swiss citizens are on welfare.
So the country works, and our leaders should be studying it. They should also stay at the Palace Hotel in Gstaad. It's a great place.
"Check" three: Congressman Peter King of New York is a no-spin guy. Don't believe me? Listen to this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. PETER KING, R-N.Y.: This lowlife Michael Jackson, whose name, face, and picture is all over the newspapers, television, radio. That's all we hear about is Michael Jackson. Let's knock out this psychobabble. This guy was a pervert. He was a child molester. He was a pedophile. And to be giving this much coverage to him day in and day out, what does it say about us as a country? I just think we're too — we're too politically correct.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: "Check" does not believe Congressman King has been invited to Jackson's memorial service tomorrow.
"Check" four: The mother of Michael Jackson's children, Debbie Rowe, is not going either. After giving her kids up for money, she now says she'd like them back.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you ready to fight for your children, Debbie? Are you ready to fight for your children?
DEBBIE ROWE: Do not touch me!
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Nobody touched you here.
ROWE: You just did. Don't.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you ready to fight for your children?
ROWE: Are you ready to get your butt kicked? Don't (EXPLETIVE DELETED) touch me.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Nice.
Even reporting on Jackson's death has its perils.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The street here is the place where locals and tourists alike gather to listen to music. And if people like this, they listen to this stuff all the time, for example. They see this guy, you like Michael Jackson too, don't you? As you see this guy is a little out of control right now, but you can't blame him for that. You know, tell you a little bit more about Michael Jackson.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Michael Jackson.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, basically the deal is...
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: OK, apparently unruly fan out there.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Involving in — getting involved in — never want to do that with Steve Michael.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Sometimes it happens when people have a little too much to drink.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Can't say I would not have done the same thing, and I have.
"Check" six: Last week, President Obama spoke to a gay group at the White House.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Real transformative change never begins in Washington. Whose duck back there?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's a duck.
OBAMA: There's a duck quacking in there somewhere. Where do you guys get these ring tones, by the way? I'm just curious.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So if it sounds like a duck, well, you get the idea.
"Check" seven: Police in Warren, Ohio, questioning a woman named Amber Finney about a shooting. Then all of a sudden, something emerged from Ms. Finney's cleavage. She explained the squirrel, named Stripe, was injured, and she was helping with the healing. Perfectly understandable, right? We often see squirrels in cleavage, do we not? Ms. Finney was not detained. Stripe has been released into the wild from whence it came.
That is "Reality Check."


