As you may know, there is a great debate going on over health care. It is very intense, and some Democratic politicians have been harshly treated in town hall meetings. You may have seen the video, but here's another look:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You need to open it up to the free markets. You need to get the government the hell out of our way.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They're going to give free health care to all illegal aliens. They're going to give us classes on euthanasia. And I'm about 65 years old. I'm ready to start.
GROUP: Just say no. Just say no. Just say no. Just say no.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What are you waiting…
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't have sophisticated language. I recognize a liar when I see one.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're supposed to do what we want, not what you want!
GROUP: Read the bill! Read the bill!
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Nancy Pelosi, Harry Reid and the rest of the people in Congress and the Senate, are they going to be willing to be on the same plan they're asking us to be on?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, the White House believes many of the protesters are organized right-wing zealots, and there is some evidence to back that up. For example, a Web site called Americans for Prosperity actually instructs people on how to disrupt the health care meetings. How much reach that Web site has is impossible to ascertain.
But here's the hypocrisy. During the Vietnam Era, protests against the war were almost always organized by the far left. There was an entire industry devoted to undermine that war. Millions of dollars were spent doing it, yet the press had little problem with the anti-war movement.
And just a few years ago, the Minutemen were shouted down at Columbia University. Speakers like Ann Coulter have been assaulted by left-wing kooks throwing pies at her. The radical-left Code Pink shows up all over the place in organized protest. The list goes on forever.
"Talking Points" does not justify bad behavior by pointing to other bad behavior. I don't like insulting rhetoric at town hall meetings. People should be able to state their case without personal attacks, and I suggest all Americans bring some civility to the debate. However, organized protest is not un-American, and the left is now getting a big taste of its own medicine.
Again, it is impossible to know what emotions are spontaneous and what are contrived, but if you want to know the truth about heath care, polling tells the tale. Most Americans now believe President Obama's health care vision is not good for them, and all the spin in the world will not disprove that fact.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Thursday on Jane Skinner and Jon Scott's broadcast, FOX News correspondent William La Jeunesse had a confrontation with a goat.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: The key, Jane, is that you buy goat meat that is meant — excuse me — goat that is meant for meat, not dairy goats that then get slaughtered. That's kind of bad.
This guy is eating my audio cable. Stop it, stop it. So — but nevertheless, as you can see, they're pretty friendly. I mean it. And actually, very good eating, as well.
JANE SKINNER, CO-HOST, "HAPPENING NOW": If he eats your audio cable, you eat him. You tell him who's boss there, William.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
For eating an audio cord, the goat may be a patriot.
On the pinhead front, as you may know, actors Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are not married, despite having six children living with them. When asked if marriage is planned, Mr. Pitt said, "Maybe we'll get married when it's legal for everyone else." Pinhead? You make the call.

