Gov. Palin and I talked on camera for about an hour Tuesday afternoon. We'll show you that interview Thursday, Friday and next Monday, and I think you'll find it interesting.
But what I find fascinating is the bashing the governor continues to receive. Here's what was said on CNN Monday night:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
NAOMI WOLF, AUTHOR: She wasn't just doing what the McCain team wanted. She was carrying water for policies of Rove and Cheney and Bush, including policies on torture — bear with me — and history has seen plenty of examples of a cabal, a group of people who get into power and choose a telegenic, charming, Evita-type front person.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Notice the Evita reference. She was Eva Peron, a populist in Argentina loved by the folks who achieved big-time power.
Far-left pundit Eugene Robinson picked up the theme in The Washington Post: "No force on Earth can stop Sarah Palin from becoming our very own 'lite' version of Eva Peron, a glamorous and tragic legend."
Now, what are the odds that Naomi Wolf and Eugene Robinson, who operate worlds apart, come up with the Eva Peron comparison at exactly the same time? I think slim and none would be the answer to that question.
So the left is now peddling Sarah Palin as a shallow demagogue who would lead us to tragic circumstance, and fear is driving that point of view.
A study last year by the Culture and Media Institute, a conservative group, examined network news coverage of Mrs. Palin from September 29 to October 12 as she campaigned. There were 69 stories about the governor: 37 of them were negative, 30 neutral and just two — two — positive. Twenty-one of the stories portrayed Sarah Palin as unintelligent and unqualified. Eight stories used clips from "Saturday Night Live" to ridicule her. ABC News was hardest on Mrs. Palin, closely followed by NBC News.
Again, is that kind of presentation an accident? No.
So what is the left frightened about when a CBS poll shows just 23 percent of Americans have a favorable view of her?
Well, potential, that's what.
The same CBS poll shows 37% of Americans are basically undecided about Governor Palin, so she has the potential to persuade millions of voters that her vision for the country is worthy.
Mrs. Palin is the only Republican who is a genuine star, a media phenomenon. If she can recapture credibility, she can rise fast. Today, folks are getting fed up with government intrusion, political correctness and murky policies that drain personal freedom.
Polls show President Obama slipping in job approval. If that continues, a populist like Sarah Palin might well emerge as a serious contender for power. That is why the attacks on her keep coming. The left fears Sarah Palin.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
This week on "Regis and Kelly," Regis got into a little trouble talking to Meryl Streep about her children:
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REGIS PHILBIN, CO-HOST, "LIVE WITH REGIS & KELLY": And then the third daughter broke her leg. I mean, it never ends at your place.
MERYL STREEP, ACTRESS: What?
PHILBIN: A break...
KELLY RIPA, CO-HOST, "LIVE WITH REGIS & KELLY": Got her big break.
PHILBIN: Oh.
STREEP: Oh my God.
PHILBIN: Here it is. Daughter Grace just got her big break. Well, I was close.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
For being good sports, Ms. Streep and Mr. Philbin are patriots.
On the pinhead front, our pal Woody Harrelson smokes a lot of weed, and it may be affecting his outlook.
In an interview, Mr. Harrelson talked about the motivation for the Afghan war, saying: "The guys from Chevron went in and met with the Taliban and realized those guys just weren't in control enough. That's why they wanted to oust them... American foreign policy has always been not about spreading democracy, but about spreading capitalism."
Woody Harrelson's latest movie is "Zombieland." The word is some of the zombies think he is a pinhead.

