Last Thursday was a huge victory for FOX News. "The Factor" at 8:00 p.m. beat CNN by 380 percent, MSNBC by 247 percent and Headline News by 299 percent. Total "Factor" audience for 8 and 11 was 5.4 million folks, more viewers than the "CBS Evening News" averaged last month.
Beck, Smith, Greta, and "The Factor" all won their time slots easily. In fact, last Thursday, those programs beat all four competitors combined.
So why is this happening? Well, a major reason is the health care debate. While the other network news broadcasts downplay the dissent and promote the government takeover of the health care industry, FOX News highlights the intense debate. When we cover the town hall meetings, we don't describe the protesters as loons. We don't denigrate people who disagree with President Obama. That's the big difference between FOX News and all the others.
Now, some liberals will say we intentionally glorify the protesters. That doesn't happen here. We've said there's no doubt some of the dissent is organized by people who dislike President Obama. That's a fact, and we've reported it.
"The Factor" also gives voice to both sides, something you will never get on NBC News. So, fair-minded Americans know our reporting is honest, while much of the other TV news media is simply in the tank for the president.
Now you'd think that liberal Americans would flock to hear their side propped up, but that's clearly not happening. For libs, conservatives and independents alike, there's really no choice. They have to watch us if they want to know what's going on. And they are in record numbers.
"Talking Points" is not gloating, just reporting. But the massive viewership to FOX News is a watershed moment in media history. There is no question anymore that FOX News is now the most powerful voice in the news media, despite unrelenting attacks from almost all other press organizations.
The American people are not stupid. They know the health care deal is extremely important. They know the country is running up debt that could destroy the U.S. dollar. They know the president has not been able to explain why the health care plan is good for the country.
Most of the other media ignore those things. We do not. FOX News is designed to be provocative, truthful and look out for the regular folks. That's why our ratings are so dominant.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
As you may know, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is in Africa trying to make everybody over there like us.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Now, let's go down one more time to (UNINTELLIGIBLE). Let's go. One. Go down and down and down. And down and down and down. And down. And down. And down. Thank you very much.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
For her strenuous effort, Secretary Clinton is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, indicted former Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich blew off a little steam the other day.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ROD BLAGOJEVICH, FORMER GOVERNOR OF ILLINOIS: (singing)
(END VIDEO CLIP)
I'd give him 10 years just for that. We continue to believe the former governor is a pinhead.

