How do you think President Obama did Wednesday night in the health care arena? That's the big story in the country right now, and that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
First of all, President Obama's intentions are good. He wants to clean up the health care mess that's hurting millions of Americans. What's wrong with that? Nothing wrong with that. But his plan is chaotic, and the expense ill-defined. But the president sees great urgency:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: This debate is not a game for these Americans, and they can't afford to wait any longer for reform. They're counting on us to get this done. They're looking to us for leadership, and we can't let them down. We will pass reform that lowers cost, promotes choice and provides coverage that every American can count on, and we will do it this year.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Probably not. Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin said Wednesday it will be fall before any meaningful debate takes place in the Senate.
Wednesday night, the president faced a rather docile press corps and buried them with rhetoric.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: You may not see it because if you have health insurance right now, it's just being sent to the insurance company, but that's raising your premiums. It's raising everybody's premiums, and that money one way or another is coming out of your pocket, although we are also subsidizing some of that because there are tax breaks for health care.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
I think my head is going to explode. I don't know what he's saying. Now, I'm not being a wise guy. I've often said the government needs to control the medical industry, a lot of oversight. But after another hour of Barack Obama explaining his program, I still don't know what it is. The man is incapable of breaking it down so that we, the people, can understand it. That's the crux of the matter. It's supplemental. It's elemental. It's whatever -mental you want it to be. It's crazy.
If President Obama wants Americans to support an overhaul of the health care system, he's got to put it in bullet form like, remember, Ross Perot? He's got to get the chart so we know what's going to happen and who's going to pay for it. Otherwise this is not going to fly.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
You may remember that 65 Philadelphia kids, mostly minorities, were banned from a swimming pool. That, of course, was a disgrace and embarrassed the Valley Day Club. Well now, actor Tyler Perry is sending all of those kids to Disney World in a very generous gesture. So Mr. Perry is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, just about every year, the South Korean legislature gets a little out of control. While debating a media reform bill, something badly needed in the USA, the politicians got a little feisty.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
Now, this is kind of routine, commonplace in South Korea. Boys, boys, ladies, ladies, no need for this. Don't be pinheads.

