This is a rush transcript from "The O'Reilly Factor," March 11, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "What's Your Beef?" segment tonight: One of the most annoying things about Hollywood are these far-left actors visiting awful people like Ahmadinejad, Saddam Hussein when he was alive, and Hugo Chavez. Well, one actress has had enough. Maria Conchita Alonso is Venezuelan, and she has a major beef.
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
O'REILLY: Ms. Alonso, what do we not know about Hugo Chavez?
Click here to watch the segment!
MARIA CONCHITA ALONSO, ACTRESS: The main thing is that they don't know that Hugo Chavez is not a dictator, he's not a democrat. He's an anti-Semite. He is not in favor of human rights. It's someone that has destroyed in Venezuela future dreams of the people, have brought more poverty into Venezuela.
O'REILLY: Why does Hugo Chavez — you said he is anti-Semitic. For what reason?
ALONSO: He is friends with Iran. He's friends with all those people that are very much against Israel.
O'REILLY: Can you point to something specifically that Chavez has done inside Venezuela that has been anti-Semitic?
ALONSO: They have — two of the biggest synagogues have been trashed completely.
O'REILLY: OK. You say that he brought more poverty to Venezuela, but when United States reporters go down there, we see people in the streets demonstrating for him.
ALONSO: You have nothing to eat, and you say, "I'll give you $50 and a beer and a sandwich and a t-shirt that says 'Viva Hugo Chavez'." Of course you're going to go.
O'REILLY: Now, you paint a very bad picture of Hugo Chavez, obviously. Yet Sean Penn, Harry Belafonte, Danny Glover, Naomi Campbell, Kevin Spacey, Oliver Stone all go down, cozy up to Chavez. Have you ever given any thought to why these people are doing that?
ALONSO: Some of them, I think it's out of ignorance. And Oliver Stone is also doing a documentary praising Chavez. But I am doing my movie, also, that is going to counteract — is that how you say it?
O'REILLY: Sure.
ALONSO: …what they are doing. They create little places like, you know, maybe a little hospital where they send doctors. What they do is maybe, let's say, five percent of the population is being helped, so they — to believe that Hugo Chavez is the greatest man that is helping them. But the reason why he does that is the way that they do their propaganda. When someone like, you know, an Oliver Stone or Danny Glover or Sean Penn or Naomi Campbell or whatever, when they go there, they have something to show them that, you know, "This is how we take care of our people."
O'REILLY: Sure, but you criticized Sean Penn right after the Academy Awards for being like a sop, S-O-P, which means somebody who will just go along with Chavez's program. Did you take any heat for that behind the scenes?
ALONSO: I haven't been threatened like Chavez threatened all the people with death and, you know, threats, but I received more in favor of what I said than against. Of course, I received like a couple maybe.
O'REILLY: OK. A guy like Sean Penn is popular in Hollywood. Now, he's visited the mullahs in Iran, and he visited Hugo Chavez, but why? I mean, I think it's just because Penn just doesn't like this country.
ALONSO: Just because he doesn't like the politics that was running the country for the past few years, you know, like Bush, he cannot applaud someone that is evil and a dictator man like Chavez, just because he says, you now, "I don't like Bush." Now Chavez is attacking Obama. So what is — what is Sean going to do now that Chavez is, at the moment, attacking Obama?
O'REILLY: I don't know. And I'm very concerned about Naomi Campbell.
ALONSO: Why?
O'REILLY: Well, she's probably really confused, doesn't know what to do now, you know?
All right. We're glad you came on and stated your beef. And keep up the good fight, Ms. Alonso.
ALONSO: Thank you.


