A new Rasmussen poll says 81 percent of Americans have a favorable view of the military. Just 9 percent unfavorable. I'm guessing some of that 9 percent are in the media.
But now there is a military controversy over the assassin Hasan.
As you may know, the FBI picked up information that the major was e-mailing an Al Qaeda recruiter in Yemen. The feds say they passed the information along to the Army. The Army says that's not true.
Only a congressional investigation will get to the bottom of this, and there should be one, because there is no question that Hasan is a terrorist, a man who murdered 13 innocent people because of jihad, the Muslim holy war.
As “Talking Points” strongly stated Tuesday night, the massacre at Fort Hood is not a crime, not a tragedy, not the action of a man snapping. It is an act of war perpetrated by a Muslim terrorist who believes that infidels should die.
Now, we all know the Obama administration and many other Americans have trouble with that kind of definition. They don't want to be seen demonizing Islam. I understand that. But not all Germans in World War II were evil, and many good Americans fought for the South in the Civil War. The folks know not all Muslims are terrorists, so we should stop the nonsense. It is important for America to teach the world that terrorism must be confronted, not misdefined.
With all due respect to President Obama, you don't win hearts and minds by avoiding the problem. And the problem is fanatical Muslims trying to kill innocent Americans and other so-called infidels. So the president should wise up and try to rally the world against these killers.
Nidal Malik Hasan should have been flagged, neutralized and dealt with. But he wasn't because some people in America continue to run away from the problem.
And that's “The Memo.”
Pinheads & Patriots
Fox News anchor Jon Scott holds court each day from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. along with Jane Skinner. But in his off-hours, Mr. Scott is a thespian.
Click here to watch a clip of Jon Scott in "Camelot"!
If you don't know, Jon is playing Lancelot in "Camelot" in a community theater production. For sheer guts, he is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, welcome back, Jane Fonda. On her Web site, she blogs about the abortion debate:
"This is a power struggle that has existed from the very beginning of the 120-year fight over reproductive rights. Every dictator — Stalin, Ceausescu, Hitler — has made anti-choice a central component of their agenda."
Why Ms. Fonda cannot respect legitimate pro-life views is a mystery, thus she remains a pinhead.

