A recent commentary on NPR by media guy David Folkenflik cited the tremendous ratings the FOX News Channel is currently getting. That, in contrast to the collapse at MSNBC and CNN.
As you know, the liberal media ran wild during the election cycle supporting Barack Obama. Because of that, some Obama voters tuned in to the left media. Apparently, they have left as fast as they arrived.
Sixty-two million Americans voted against Mr. Obama, and many of those people are now worried because of the bold moves the president has made. So folks who are uneasy with the direction of the country are not going to watch or read product from news organizations that are in the tank for Barack Obama. That's why some committed-left newspapers are failing and the liberal cable networks are getting hammered.
That is galling radical-left zealots, and they are on the attack. FNC's Glenn Beck is a good example of what's going on. The usual smear merchants on NBC are now attacking Glenn personally, and the Internet nutcases are doing the same. The more successful Mr. Beck becomes, the more these people try to hurt him.
As we told you on Monday, NBC President Jeff Zucker allows these hateful attacks on a daily basis, forever branding his network as a place of cheap and dishonest discourse.
Along with Zucker, former Bill Clinton Chief of Staff John Podesta is also driving the hate industry. Podesta runs the Center for American Progress, a far-left hate group partially funded by our pal George Soros.
In addition to working for President Clinton, Podesta was the co-chairman of Barack Obama's transition team, and here is where the story takes a very serious turn. Podesta's Web site is devoted to hurting any prominent person who disagrees with liberal politics, and that includes critics of President Obama. And Podesta's mainstream media outlet is, of course, NBC News.
After we reported on Podesta's deputy, Amanda Terkel, harming a rape victim and her family because of Ms. Terkel's hatred for me, she showed up almost immediately on NBC News. NBC says it has no connection to Ms. Terkel and says I am disregarding the truth. Sure.
Finally, why should you care about any of this? Well, because it's your country. A well-coordinated, well-financed cabal attacking dissent is a pretty big story, especially because it involves Podesta, who has access to the president and NBC, which along with it's parent company General Electric is misusing its power.
Bottom line: The far left wants to silence and damage opposition, whether it's Rush Limbaugh, Glenn Beck, Sean Hannity or anyone else in the public eye. And those people will do just about anything to achieve their goals.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
In Broward County, Florida, Judge Ian Richards sentenced a man to jail for domestic battery. Upon hearing the sentence, 29-year-old John Reasee tried to attack his ex-girlfriend, the victim.
Upon seeing that, the judge leapt over his desk and intervened. For taking action, Judge Richards is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, another "you make the call" situation. Thirty-six-year-old actress Jenny McCarthy, whom we like because of her good work with autism charities, said this about using Botox:
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JENNY MCCARTHY, COMEDIAN: I can move my forehead. I still move — you can still have — the key...
OPRAH WINFREY, TALK SHOW HOST: You just do the forehead?
MCCARTHY: Forehead and a little bit here, and I mean a little bit. I can still look angry. I can still close my eyes. It's not like — when you have too much, literally, what you look like is...
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Pinhead? Again, you make the call.

