

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "At Your Beck and Call" segment tonight: Copenhagen, Senator Lieberman, and Beck's feud with the White House. The Glenn guy will appear on "Jay Leno" this evening, but before he left for California, we sat him down.
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
O'REILLY: No Christmas sweater but a Christmas tie for Mr. Beck today.
GLENN BECK, FOX NEWS HOST: Do you like that?
O'REILLY: I do.
BECK: Mr. Grinch, it's good to see you.
O'REILLY: Thank you. We have a bunch of stuff to get to. Copenhagen chaos. Climate control, out of control.
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: Your assessment of the protesters. What do they want and why are they doing this?
Click here to watch Glenn Beck in the No Spin Zone!
BECK: Well, this is going to make me sound nuts again, but I brought evidence. The coming insurrection — this is a copy of a book that came out. I talked about it several months ago. It's now in America but it has been in Europe for a while. It's written by the invisible — it is communist. What they're tired of. The people over there, the extreme left, have been playing along in the system, and they have been saying to their version of Democrats, they have been saying all right, OK, keep moving us this way. And the Democrats over there have been saying, don't worry about it we are going to be fine. We're going to get there, we're going to get there. They are tired of waiting. That's why you see these crowds. They are militants, they are left. They are carrying communist banners.
O'REILLY: They don't care about climate control, they're just communist.
BECK: Communism.
O'REILLY: So communism is making a comeback. Do you feel like they're a threat or just a bunch of annoying...
BECK: No, no. The left, the uber-left — I'm not talking about the Democratic left. I'm talking about the uber-left, the Van Jones ilk, those people are dangerous.
O'REILLY: Really? Because there is so few of them. There are not many of them. I know you have got your pamphlet there. That's not exactly coming out with Harper Collins publishing, you know what I'm talking about? It's not exactly "Arguing With Idiots." It hasn't made the best-seller list.
BECK: Not a lot is. You don't have to have a lot of people to cause real trouble.
O'REILLY: So you think they're the hardcore communists, they show up whether it's the G-8 or climate control or the Super Bowl or whatever it is, they are there. We want communism.
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: See, they don't bother me because I don't think they will ever get anywhere. But they're annoying.
Let's go to Lieberman. I think Lieberman is a brave guy. I think he derailed this public option deal single-handedly.
BECK: I think that Joe Lieberman did stand by his values, at least, I mean...
O'REILLY: The far left is killing him. They are going after his wife and everything else.
BECK: Yes, what they did to Hadassah is awful. And that is, by the way, is in here, those kinds of tactics.
O'REILLY: Attack the family. Demoralize the opposition.
BECK: Destroy the family.
O'REILLY: Absolutely. And you see it in America too, the left, they do it all the time. All you have to do is go on these far-left Web sites and you see it.
BECK: You bet.
O'REILLY: But Lieberman, I think he draws a line. He says, look, you can't let the government run it, that's chaotic. So I'm going to draw the line here. And I appreciate him doing it.
BECK: My problem is Joe Lieberman talked about out of control spending. This isn't going to be any better. You open the door and it's out of control spending.
O'REILLY: It is. Look, I think this will be repealed down the lane. So I'm not — again, I don't like it. I've said I didn't like it. I think there is better ways to do it. And I do think it will be repealed. I think 2010 is going to be a big year. I think all of your conspiracy theories and worries, you are going to be much happier, because the folks are going the other way.
BECK: I know that. But you know why they are? It's because people have been starting to tell them the truth. That's why.
O'REILLY: Partly because of guys like you. The blackboard is just amazing. Are you going to get a new one for Christmas? I heard that Santa was going to bring you a bigger blackboard. Is that true?
BECK: I have to go on tour with these this guy.
O'REILLY: He will have his blackboard.
BECK: I will. Is this the biggest chalk you have ever seen?
O'REILLY: I was at the White House Christmas party.
BECK: I will show how he is connected to communists.
O'REILLY: Me and Karl Marx. He was my uncle.
BECK: Don't tempt me. I will find it.
O'REILLY: I believe it. I don't want you on my case. So I'm at the White House Christmas party. I'm looking for you.
BECK: No. I wasn't...
O'REILLY: No, I wasn't looking for you at the party. I was looking in the kitchen.
BECK: Being filleted?
(CROSSTALK)
I didn't get an invitation. I'm fascinated to hear...
O'REILLY: Greta was there and Bret Baier was there.
BECK: I wasn't.
O'REILLY: And you weren't. So I'm walking around, and I run into Valerie Jarrett, the presidential adviser and friend to the Obamas, and the first thing she goes is what's with this Glenn Beck? I said do you have two hours, Ms. Jarrett? I can go over it with you step by step.
BECK: Look what is he doing to me.
O'REILLY: No, no, I stuck up for you. I said is he an American who feels strongly about his positions. If you have a beef with him, you should come on my show and cut him to pieces. I would love that. So anyway, she goes, Ms. Jarrett goes, and she was very nice by the way, what is his problem with me? So here you are. What's your problem with Valerie Jarrett?
BECK: I have mentioned Valerie Jarrett a couple of times.
O'REILLY: She was very, very upset.
BECK: People in the Obama administration were upset with little old me?
O'REILLY: Right.
BECK: No. She should call. They have the number. They have the phone.
O'REILLY: I told her that. But what did you do?
BECK: I don't even know what I have said about Valerie Jarrett other than she is the Karen Hughes, if you will. She is a huge player.
O'REILLY: She is.
BECK: She considers herself family. And I believe he considers her...
O'REILLY: Is that bad?
BECK: No, no, no. I'm just saying she is very, very tight there, and she is one of the big players.
O'REILLY: But you don't have anything personal against her.
BECK: I don't have anything personal. I don't know these people. I don't have anything personal against any of these people.
O'REILLY: If I could get you guys together, would you?
BECK: I will try. Would you?
O'REILLY: I gave her free tickets to the Norfolk "Bold Fresh" show. I don't know if she is going to come.
BECK: She is going to love that.
O'REILLY: I said Merry Christmas.
BECK: What's this? Valerie, are you — where is Valerie Jarrett, ladies and gentlemen?
O'REILLY: But I did say to her, I can understand you not wanting to go on Beck's show, nobody does. But if you do have a beef against him, come on "The Factor" because I would love to see you wail on him, and I will give you the air time.
BECK: Did you bring a picture with you with the president?
O'REILLY: I had it taken. But I believe that the Secret Service is going to confiscate that picture.
BECK: Here is what I would like to know. I couldn't get in. I tried to gatecrash.
O'REILLY: You had the wrong blonde. That blonde you had with you? If you had been with Monica Crowley, you could have gotten in.
BECK: I could have gotten in? OK.
O'REILLY: Glenn Beck, everybody. There he is. Merry Christmas to you.
BECK: Merry Christmas.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
O'REILLY: Our next segment with Glenn will be next year as he is taking a break for Christmas.


