As we reported Thursday night, Nancy Pelosi, Barney Frank and some other far-left members of the House were fighting hard for the option of releasing graphic pictures of prisoner abuse by U.S. service people. Those pictures were taken as part of criminal investigations against the abusers.
Now President Obama made it clear the release of the pictures would incite violence against Americans abroad and put our service people in even more danger. And the Senate agreed, voting overwhelmingly to keep the pictures locked down. But Pelosi and her gang continued the madness.
Well, Thursday night, the president sent Rahm Emanuel to the Hill to once again tell Congress the pictures would not be released, and a federal court backed Mr. Obama. So, for now, the pictures will remain secure.
And we once again advise any media organization that gets leaked pictures to think long and hard about publishing them.
So this is a huge victory for clear-thinking Americans, and I want to personally thank all of you who wrote to Nancy Pelosi. You are patriots. I also want you to remember what the speaker and her far-left companions did.
Now, it's beyond belief, but some of those agitating for the release of the pictures are behind the campaign smearing me and others over the murder of late-term abortionist Dr. Tiller. One of the biggest haters working in the newspaper industry today, far-left guy Paul Krugman, actually had the audacity to write a column entitled "The Big Hate," where he branded me, Glenn Beck, Rush Limbaugh, and other commentators as dangerous to society. Since Krugman's hatred towards President Bush and conservatives in general is just about unmatched, that is a stunning piece of hypocrisy.
The far left is keeping the Tiller controversy going because it is failing almost everywhere, and this red herring is pretty much all they have. The editor of Salon encapsulated the far-left view.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOAN WALSH, SALON.COM EDITOR: When Bill O'Reilly goes on TV every night and calls Dr. Tiller a baby killer and a Nazi, a Mengele, and shows where he works. Why do we put up with that?
O'REILLY: And in Kansas, hundreds, perhaps thousands of babies have been aborted by Dr. Tiller. The price, $5,000 each. Is this what we want in America? Is it? This is the kind of stuff that happens to Mao's China, Hitler's Germany, Stalin's Soviet Union.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
So you can see my words have context and they are true. Don't believe me? Listen to Kelly, who at age 13 went to Tiller for a late-term abortion.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KELLY: Dr. Tiller came in and injected into the amniotic sack saline solution, which suffocated and burned my baby to death. And they told me to sit on the toilet, lean on the nurse and push, push my baby into a toilet. And after that, they wheel you into another room to remove all the, you know, afterbirth. And really that's the only two times I ever saw the doctor, was when he injected the saline solution and when he finished the process by removing the afterbirth.
O'REILLY: But Tiller himself, when he injected the fetus with the killing agent and then when he took the after birth, he never said anything to you at all?
KELLY: "This will all be over soon."
O'REILLY: "This will all be over soon." What happened to the body?
KELLY: I have no idea. I left my baby dead in the toilet.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, I held back replaying that harrowing account because of the murder of Dr. Tiller by a domestic terrorist. As we've stated, this country cannot tolerate vigilantism. What Tiller did was legal in Kansas; illegal in 37 other states. But what Tiller did on many occasions was absolutely wrong.
For my opinion, the far left has branded me an accomplice to the murder. You make the call.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
In San Francisco, there's some violence going on. An agitated black bird is dive-bombing pedestrians. Whoa, look, hey! Nobody's safe. Apparently, the bird is defending a nest he built in the very high-rent district, so he's looking out for his family, and so we must make that black bird a patriot.
On the pinhead front, Rev. Wright is back in the news cycle, unfortunately. Recently, he was quoted as saying "them Jews" kept him away from President Obama. But now, the reverend says he misspoke.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You said "them Jews won't let him talk to me." You were specifically referring to Zionists?
REV. JEREMIAH WRIGHT, FORMER PASTOR, TRINITY UCC: Exactly. And as Hillary misspoke about being under fire as the cameras showed her walking calmly from her plane to a limousine, I was walking from a worship service to my car, trying to talk rapidly, trying to explain an answer to this guy and trying to get him to get off the Barack Obama kick.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Not buying it. So we are inducting the Rev. Wright into the pinhead hall of fame.

