President Obama has made it clear: He does not want pictures taken in criminal investigations of U.S. military people released to the world. The president understands that any scenes of prisoner abuse by Americans will inflame terrorism and lead to more anti-American feeling around the world.
The Senate also realizes that and passed a provision that would keep the pictures in question locked down for five years. But Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and other far left zealots are fighting against the Senate action. On Thursday the speaker provided a lame excuse:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SPEAKER NANCY PELOSI: Well, no final decision has been made. The conference committee will work its will and make its decision. But I can say to you there's great concern in the House about making an exception to a Freedom of Information Act while the case is before a judge.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, the first obligation of every elected official in the country is to protect the folks. Pelosi is playing politics with people's lives, playing into the hands of the far left.
In an unbelievable display of hypocrisy, radical loons are still accusing me of contributing to the murder of Dr. Tiller. But these same people want those pictures out, endangering our military men and women. Incredible.
Now thousands of you have already contacted Speaker Pelosi. Her e-mail and land addresses are posted on BillOReilly.com right now. But millions of Americans should be writing to her. You can't say you support the troops if you're not willing to confront Pelosi, in a civil way, of course.
And then there's Barney Frank, who's trying to block the Senate action as well. Here's what he said about the Holocaust museum murder:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. BARNEY FRANK, D-MASS.: I want to be very clear. I'm not accusing anyone of causing this, but it does become the responsibility of those who have engaged in excessive vitriol, who have engaged in hate, who have dehumanized people with whom they may disagree on political grounds to speak out loudly against it.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, fine. Every clear-thinking American condemns the Tiller murder, the museum murder, and the murder of Private Long by an American Muslim terrorist. But Frank has no business lecturing anyone when he's putting our troops in danger. We've invited the congressman on "The Factor" Friday. We'll see if he shows up.
We know Gerald Nadler, Louise Slaughter and Jerry Connolly won't show up. These congresspeople are also supporting the ACLU. Again, that is a villainous action. This is not an ideological deal. Only two Democratic senators oppose the protective measure: Sanders and Feingold, the most extreme people in the Senate.
Most Democrats, the president included, are doing the right thing. But Nancy Pelosi is not. Let her hear about it.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
FOX News analyst Charles Krauthammer was honored with the Eric Breindel Award this week in Washington for excellence in opinion journalism.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER, SYNDICATED COLUMNIST: There really ought to be a special award for FOX News. FOX has done a great service to the American polity, single-handedly breaking the intellectual and ideological monopoly that for decades exerted hegemony, to use a favorite lefty word, over the broadcast media.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Mr. Krauthammer is a patriot.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
On the pinhead front, Danny DeVito had a lively interview in Philadelphia.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Remember we had the Tommy Hawk (ph) — you were drunk on the...
DANNY DEVITO, ACTOR: I remember. I remember. You had the belly, and I was thinking about what that would look like when that kid was born.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And — she's cute.
DEVITO: Was she cute coming out?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Of course.
DEVITO: Did you get a picture of the legs and the head coming out?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That's enough of that. That's enough of that.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're trying to keep it clean. We're classy fellows. He's drinking.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What time is it?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Philadelphia is just waking up, all right. We're trying to, you know — come on, man. They're trying — they're having their breakfast.
DEVITO: You know it's not real beer.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Pinhead? You make the call.

