This is a rush transcript from "The O'Reilly Factor," March 16, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Culture Warrior" segment tonight, two hot topics. New poll by the Boston Public Health Commission found half of the teenagers surveyed thought pop star Rihanna was responsible herself when she got beat up by her boyfriend Chris Brown. She was responsible. Half of them. Is that outrageous?
Also, John McCain's daughter Meghan has laced into Ann Coulter, as you may know, for being too rigid. And that drew the ire of our pal Laura Ingraham and a reaction back from Ms. McCain.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
LAURA INGRAHAM, RADIO TALK SHOW HOST: Meghan, do you think that anyone would be talking to you if you weren't kind of cute and you weren't the daughter of John McCain? OK. "I was really hoping that I was going to get that role in the 'Real World,' but then I realized that, well, they don't like plus-sized models."
MEGHAN MCCAIN, JOHN MCCAIN'S DAUGHTER: What do women think when I speak my mind about politics and I want to have a political discussion about the ideological future about the Republican Party and the answer is she's fat, she shouldn't have an opinion. What kind of message are we sending young women? When Tyra Banks went on her show in her bathing suit and said kiss my fat ass, that's what I feel like right now. I'm like kiss my fat ass.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: With us now, "Culture Warriors" Margaret Hoover and Tammy Bruce in Los Angeles, who is in for Monica Crowley this evening. Oh, you ladies, can't you all get along, Hoover?
Click here to watch the segment!
MARGARET HOOVER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: It's a catty moment for women. It's not one of our best moments.
O'REILLY: I don't really get what the fight is about. Coulter's the smartest person here. Coulter's stayed out of it.
HOOVER: Yeah.
O'REILLY: She's running around the country with Mark, getting big checks. You know…
HOOVER: And by the way, she could have picked a fight here and it probably would have…
O'REILLY: She absolutely — and usually Coulter will come in, but this one she just didn't say a word.
HOOVER: She sat out on this one.
O'REILLY: But then Laura got involved. And I'm not really — what's the beef as you see it?
HOOVER: Well, actually, I don't know why Laura pinged back on this one. I think we're in a moment now where we're in the wilderness and conservatives need to be very, very clear about what we believe and what we don't. And I think we need to stick to the ideas. And we need to not go after people personally, especially people in our own tent. So…
O'REILLY: But it was Ms. McCain who fired the shot from her own blog.
HOOVER: But it wasn't personal. It was about ideas.
O'REILLY: Right, that's true. True.
HOOVER: It was pretty much an idea. And it seems as though there is no tolerance for condescension within the ranks or dissension within the ranks. In other words, Ms. McCain is espousing a view of conservatism that some conservatives don't agree with, and so…
O'REILLY: I don't think she's conservative though.
HOOVER: ...there's no room for…
O'REILLY: I think…
HOOVER: ...her views.
O'REILLY: ...she's a Republican, but I don't think she's conservative. How do you see it, Tammy?
TAMMY BRUCE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I've met Meghan and talked to her extensively during the campaign. And you're right, Bill, she's not a conservative.
But the reason this is happening is, what I believe, and this pains me to say, Meghan liked attention during the campaign. I think she wants more of it. She also lamented not really effectively being shut out of the social left scene, when you're not invited to parties. I went through this. Look, I'm a pro-choice feminist. I know what it's like to be shunned in a certain way. And I think that was difficult for her.
The truth of the matter is, Laura Ingraham here is, there's a reason why she's one of the most influential women in America. Same with Ann Coulter. And what struck me as odd was when Meghan attacked both of them. She said on "The View" she didn't know who Laura Ingraham was. And with Ann Coulter, she said she didn't understand what Ann Coulter did. If you don't know who these women are, and you don't understand why they're so popular, then you should not being speaking about political ideologies.
O'REILLY: OK, I just have to make one correction.
BRUCE: It's a problem.
O'REILLY: You said you're a pro-choice feminist. I believe you're a pro-life feminist.
BRUCE: Oh, I'm pro-choice. My activism began with abortion rights. I'm quite conservative as well.
O'REILLY: All right, so…
BRUCE: Yeah.
O'REILLY: But, OK, so you're a pro-choice…
BRUCE: So I have a lot more in common with Meghan.
O'REILLY: You're a pro-choice conservative.
BRUCE: Yes, that's correct.
O'REILLY: And that's why you weren't invited to parties. OK, go ahead.
HOOVER: I — to Tammy's point though.
BRUCE: Yeah.
HOOVER: I just think that what we're really seeing here is that some people don't want conservation in the conservative movement. They don't want to tolerate, as Tammy has specified, she's a pro-choice Republican. And there's not a lot of room for that in the Republican tent right now.
O'REILLY: All right, I get it, I get it. I mean, if you're not pulling the party line down, you're always opening yourself to get hammered. I mean, that's true. All right, let's get this.
HOOVER: But to go into body weight…
BRUCE: This is — let me, if I can just add one thing. This is personal, I think, for Meghan. And I think that if she needs to decide, make a personal decision. If she wants to be a useful idiot for the left to be invited to parties, that's what she's going to have to decide that she's going to lower herself…
O'REILLY: All right, we're trying to get her on the show.
BRUCE: …to be. Or maybe she'll be the next host on "The View."
O'REILLY: Well, we're trying to get her on the show next week. She said she wanted to come on.
BRUCE: Good.
O'REILLY: I will have more on that on Monday. Well, don't — I don't know if we're going to get her, but we're trying. We're being very polite, because that's the kind of guy I am.
Now, Boston, Hoover, Rihanna gets cuffed around by her boyfriend, you know. And he's arrested, charged with a felony. They surveyed about 500 kids, a lot, big survey. And 46 percent said, hey, it's Rihanna's fault. They don't know anything about it. And I'm chalking this up to hip-hop rap music. That's what I'm chalking this up to.
HOOVER: Well, domestic violence, unfortunately, way predates domestic violence.
O'REILLY: Well, no.
HOOVER: Rap music, Bill…
O'REILLY: Address the issue of kids who don't know what happened blaming the victim. That's — it's a very micro issue. And if you look at 50 Cent, Eminem, all of these other idiots in their rap songs, it's hit the ho, hit the b word, you know...
HOOVER: The lyrics totally condemns violence against women. And that's why Russell Simmons and Barack Obama and a lot of black leaders, Bill Cosby have come and said these lyrics can't stand. We need black leaders…
O'REILLY: OK, but it's my hypothesis, Hoover, that this hip-hop rap stuff has made it so some kids think it's acceptable.
HOOVER: I actually agree with your hypothesis.
O'REILLY: Oh, really?
HOOVER: I do. I do think that hip-hop culture and hip-hop icons are reinforcing…
O'REILLY: Wow.
HOOVER: I know. Can you believe it?
O'REILLY: I can't. I'm stunned.
HOOVER: Savor the moment, Bill…
O'REILLY: I was almost…
HOOVER: ...because it's not going to happen often.
O'REILLY: Hoover, I was almost stunned into silence, but that has never happened. What do you think, Tammy?
HOOVER: Next time.
BRUCE: Well, it's clear, culture in general. This is also for me an indication of the failure of the liberal feminist establishment. What are we out? We're out 15 years of the O.J. Simpson murders. We did a lot of education on that when I was doing my feminist work at that point. And you have two generations now who think that Rihanna just mistakenly put her head in front of his fist.
O'REILLY: Right.
BRUCE: I mean, this is an astounding condemnation of any kind of progress that we should have been making in society. And I think that American women have got to look elsewhere and educate the next generation coming up with discussions like this, which are still obviously badly needed.
HOOVER: We have to continue talking about domestic violence.
O'REILLY: I agree.
HOOVER: We had this conversation in 1985.
O'REILLY: I agree.
HOOVER: Remember Tina Turner, "What's Love Got to Do With It?" and Ike Turner…
O'REILLY: Yeah.
HOOVER: ...and that terrible relationship? They made a movie of it. If they keep talking about it, every generation. Tammy's exactly right.
O'REILLY: OK, but I have to stick up for the Woodstock crew. You know, my crew, the Baby Boomer crew. We never ever justified any of that ever.
BRUCE: Good.
O'REILLY: But the culture's changed. Ladies, thanks very much.


