Following the lead of the White House, the radical-left organization MoveOn is demanding that all good Democrats and liberals boycott Fox News. There's even a petition that says:
"To draw attention to its biased coverage, President Obama will not appear on Fox [News] for the rest of the year. Can you sign this petition asking Democrats to support President Obama's stance by staying off Fox as long as he does?"
How dumb. How cowardly.
The great thing about America is that we have lively debates in this country. We are free to dissent from power. How un-American it would be to punish people with whom you disagree.
MoveOn is a propaganda outfit which tries to damage those who oppose its far-left doctrine. MoveOn is not interested in opposing points of view, does not respect well thought out arguments from the right. This is simply a slash and burn operation that is trying to intimidate elected Democrats. There is something very disturbing about the Obama administration fighting harder against Fox News than the Taliban.
And now we learn that the president spent two and a half hours on Monday meeting with far-left media people. In addition to the president, David Axelrod, Rahm Emanuel and Robert Gibbs sat down with three columnists from The New York Times and two MSNBC commentators, as well as a variety of other committed left-wingers.
Now, there's nothing wrong with that, but the White House kept this meeting very quiet, and it appears that President Obama has decided that he will cultivate the far left while demonizing conservative Americans.
That is a mistake. The president was elected by moderate independents. There are simply not enough left-wing loons to save him when things get tough.
In addition, Politico.com is reporting that the White House is systematically undermining prominent Republicans, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Rush Limbaugh and other right-wing radio people, as well as Fox News.
Again, why is the Obama administration bothering with this when it has to fix the economy, win the war in Afghanistan and reinvent the health care industry? President Obama is making a huge mistake in associating his office with political feuds.
And the irony is he doesn't need to do it. There are plenty of far-left media hatchet men to do the dirty work against the right. Why the president feels the need to get involved is a troubling question.
"Talking Points" often gives Mr. Obama the benefit of the doubt, but there is no doubt in this case.
Concentrate on the important stuff, Mr. President. Leave the petty feuding to the barbaric media.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
The White House war on Fox News has now reached critical mass:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JAY LENO, HOST, "THE JAY LENO SHOW": President Obama agreed to commit an additional 40,000 troops to help fight Fox News.
Senior White House adviser David Axelrod told reporters that Fox News is just pushing a point of view. Well, yes, but at least they've got a point of view.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
For that punch line, Mr. Leno is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, radical guy Louis Farrakhan doesn't much like the swine flu vaccine. According to UPI, Farrakhan said:
"The Earth can't take 6.5 billion people. We just can't feed that many. So what are you going to do? Kill as many as you can. We have to develop a science that kills them and makes it look as though they died from some disease."
Once again, Louis is a pinhead.

