The president says he wants to improve the USA's image in the world. So he must stand up against Spain, which wants to damage America.
The Spanish government will soon decide whether or not to formally investigate former Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez and other members of the Bush administration for human rights crimes.
Of course, this is an outrage, a transparent attempt to put the USA on trial and make us the villain in the terror war. It also diverts attention away from the true evil: Muslim fascist killers.
The Spanish president, Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero, is a far-left guy who has been soft on Iran and is inclined to line up against America on many issues.
It is time for President Obama to state his objection to Spain's intrusion, just as he stated he does not want a witch hunt against the Bush administration here in the USA. Mr. Obama should be forceful with Spain. His job is to protect Americans, even those who worked in the Bush administration. Silence is not an option here, Mr. President.
But "Talking Points" is becoming concerned about Obama's world view, because this week something truly incredible happened that few Americans know about. Radical leftist Rosa Brooks has been appointed to advise Undersecretary of Defense Michele Flournoy at the Pentagon. The action is stunning because Ms. Brooks is so out there.
As a columnist for the Los Angeles Times, Brooks consistently went to extremes.
In October 2007 she wrote: "George W. Bush and Dick Cheney shouldn't be treated like criminals who deserve punishment. They should be treated like psychotics who need treatment."
March 2009: "The Bush administration's big legal lies paved the way for some of the most shameful episodes in our history, including the official authorization of torture."
Ms. Brooks also supported the Iraqi who threw his shoes at President Bush: "He reminded the powerful and powerless alike that a single symbolic gesture can be more effective than a thousand grenades."
And this woman is a top adviser in the Defense Department? Are you kidding me? Is Michael Moore not available? What the hell is going on?
Want more? Rosa Brooks was special counsel to George Soros' Open Society Institute. And now she has access to America's defense secrets at the Pentagon?
Again, what the deuce is going on? This is madness.
We called Undersecretary Flournoy and got zero from her. Then we called other Defense Department officials whom we know. They told us they are shocked.
So let's recap: A confirmed far-left radical is now operating within the Pentagon, a woman who was shockingly irresponsible in her attacks on the Bush administration and who has worked with George Soros. And we have a country, Spain, that may attempt to embarrass America in front of the world.
What say you, President Obama?
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Monday on the "Glenn Beck" program, one of the guests, David Buckner, fainted.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GLENN BECK, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Are you all right?
DAVID BUCKNER, GUEST ON "GLENN BECK" SHOW: I'm passing out.
BECK: Are you OK?
BUCKNER: I'm passing out.
BECK: OK. Do you want to sit down? Whoa. Are you OK? OK, somebody help him please. Somebody help. We'll be back — we'll be back in just a second.
(END VIDEO CIP)
The EMT guys got here very quick. Mr. Buckner was taken to St. Luke's Hospital. He's OK, a touch of the flu. But a reminder to us that Americans working in the emergency industry are patriots.
On the pinhead front, a vicious attack on Miley Cyrus by actor Jamie Foxx.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JAMIE FOXX, ACTOR: Who is Miley Cyrus?
(CROSSTALK)
FOXX: The one with all the gums?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, the Hannah Montana…
FOXX: She's got to get a gum transplant.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: …with the daddy.
FOXX: Do like Britney Spears and do some heroin. Do like Lindsay Lohan and get some crack in your pipe.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, Miss Cyrus is just 16 years old, and Mr. Foxx should know better than to do something like that with his clown posse. So he's a pinhead and needs to wise up fast.

