

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Back of the Book" segment tonight, "Reality Check," where the truth does not only set us free, it also allows us to bring you a five-minute segment.
"Check" one: Congressman Bobby Rush from Illinois is angry with me, releasing a statement: "Mr. Rush never said Rep. King was a 'racist,' as O'Reilly stated on his July 8, 2008, broadcast. [Rush] also did not play a race card."
Well, here's what Rush said about Congressman King: "To millions of African-American children, specifically, Jackson's story of being born to a working-class family in Gary, Indiana, to becoming one of the world's biggest stars illustrates the benefits of hard work. For Rep. King to use Jackson's death as a springboard to a campaign for a U.S. Senate seat is unacceptable."
Well, that sounds like a race-based argument to me. "African- American, specifically"? I guess I could be wrong. Congressman Rush is correct, however, in saying he did not call Mr. King a racist. That is true, and I should have made that clear. By the way, the congressman has an open invitation to appear on "The Factor," specifically.
"Check" two: Interesting sound bite from Louis Farrakhan about Michael Jackson.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
LOUIS FARRAKHAN, NATION OF ISLAM: When he was young, somebody told him he wasn't beautiful, and he wanted, when you have money, like most rich people in Hollywood or entertainers, movie actresses, business people who don't like their nose or their lips or their breasts or their behind or whatever they want to improve on, money makes them able to do that. So he was improving, in his mind, on himself by changing his nose, his lips. But the journey — that's the journey outward.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you saying that he didn't want to be black? That he wanted to be white, wanted to look white?
FARRAKHAN: Well, the evidence is there.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: "Check" three: TVGuide.com also took me to task on Jackson, writing: "'The O'Reilly Factor's' Bill O'Reilly asks why many African-Americans continue to embrace Michael Jackson when his children were fathered by white men. Even if he offered any proof, which he didn't, his argument would still be bizarre. Are Madonna and Angelina Jolie less white because they adopted black children?"
TVGuide.com's analysis is not only bizarre, it's incredibly stupid. First of all, I did not ask why African-Americans embraced Jackson. I simply said it was misguided to make him a black icon. Second, these morons apparently don't know the difference between adoption and in vitro fertilization, where parents select sperm donors.
By the way, TV Guide magazine, which we like, is not affiliated with the loons at TVGuide.com.
"Check" four: As you may know, the father of Bristol Palin's baby, 19-year-old Levi Johnston, continues to exploit his connection to the Palin family, angering some people.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PAT BUCHANAN, MSNBC ANALYST: With regard to Levi.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Please.
BUCHANAN: I think "First Dude" up there in Alaska, Todd Palin, ought to take Levi down to the creek and hold his head under the water until the thrashing stops.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, that might be a bit extreme.
"Check" five: A new commercial from Evian water has gotten ten million hits on YouTube.
Click here to watch the video in "Pinheads & Patriots"!
O'REILLY: I thought babies liked milk.
"Check" six: In Russia, a company called Ling Way teaches English to people who want to learn. And apparently, that includes some elderly Russian ladies.
Click here to watch the video in "Pinheads & Patriots"!
O'REILLY: Don't blame it on him, lady.
That is "Reality Check."


