Roadside bombs, known as improvised explosive devices (IEDs), are the most deadly weapons the terrorists have on the battlefield.
In Iraq, more than 2,000 Americans have been killed by IEDs, more than 21,000 injured, many maimed for life. In Afghanistan, 252 have been killed by roadside bombs, more than 1,600 wounded.
It is heartbreaking to visit soldiers and Marines rehabbing their injuries, brave young Americans struggling to put their bodies and lives back together. This is the price of protecting Americans from those who would harm us. This is the result of terrorists who use technology to kill and maim.
Click here to watch Bill's "Talking Points"!
Sources tell "The Factor" that there is a federal investigation underway to find out if any American company sold components for roadside bombs to nefarious people. In May of 2008, and again in October '08, coalition forces discovered unexploded roadside bombs in Iraq and handed them over to the FBI bureau in Baghdad. The FBI discovered that radio frequency modules inside the bombs were part of a shipment made by a U.S. company to Corezing International, a business in Singapore with direct ties to Iran. The bombs, designed to penetrate armor, contained Maxstream XT09-SINA 900 MHz radio frequency modules, which can be used to explode the bombs by remote control.
According to authorities, these modules are still being used today to kill Americans. The FBI will not comment, and "The Factor" believes the investigation may be classified, because information is very hard to come by.
The former chairman of Maxstream, Brad Walters, told "The Factor" the modules are excellent bomb material and that his company legally sold more than a million of them to other companies for a variety of uses. "The Factor" has been told, but cannot confirm, that the General Electric corporation is under suspicion in the case.
You may recall that GE CEO Jeffrey Immelt denied doing business with Iran to "Factor" producer Jesse Watters but a few weeks later admitted GE's dealings with the mullahs to Michael Eisner on a CNBC program. GE's official position is that they stopped taking orders from Iran in 2005, but any American company could ship stuff to a middleman, like Corezing International.
Tuesday, "The Factor" sent a list of questions to GE asking if the company does or did business with Corezing International and what the nature of that business is. GE spokesperson Gary Sheffer said by e-mail: "We do no business with Corezing International and have no record of ever having done so."
To be clear, "The Factor" is not accusing anyone of anything. We are just reporting what we believe to be true. But if any American company did send material to Corezing — again, a major Iranian partner — they must be investigated to the fullest extent. The lives and suffering of our brave military are at stake here.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Ted Kennedy's sister Eunice died in Massachusetts Tuesday. She was 88 years old.
Eunice Kennedy Shriver was the driving force behind the Special Olympics, which has provided strength and opportunity to tens of thousands of physically and mentally challenged Americans. Ms. Shriver's sister Rosemary was mentally challenged and so she devoted her life to helping

those in similar circumstance, making the world a much more humane place.
Eunice Kennedy Shriver was a patriot of the highest order.
On the pinhead front, Tuesday morning presidential spokesman Robert Gibbs said this:
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ROBERT GIBBS, WHITE HOUSE SPOKESMAN: Oh, I think we all have something to lose, Matt, if we let cable television come to town hall meetings and kill health care reform for another year and put the special interests back in charge.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, since CNN and MSNBC generally favor Obamacare, I guess Mr. Gibbs is talking about FOX News. I wish he'd speak to me about this. We've invited him on a number of times. He keeps dodging us, and if he continues to do that, he will be a pinhead.

