This is a Paul Revere alert.
The New York Times actually did me a favor by implying that I am a racist and a white supremacist guy. The far-left paper attacked me because I understand their true agenda — and it has nothing to do with helping the poor. It has everything to do with amassing power and changing the political structure in America by using illegal immigrants.
As we reported Monday night, The Times wants blanket amnesty for illegal aliens already in this country, and the paper wants their extended families to join them in the USA as well. That would swell the voting rolls by tens of millions, the vast majority of new voters joining the Democratic Party because that's where the entitlements are.
On May 4, 2007, The Times editorialized:
"Closing the door to families (of migrants) would be unjust and unworkable, and a mockery of the values that conservatives profess. It would only encourage illegality by forcing people to choose between their loved ones and the law."
It is very touching that The Times cares so much about illegality when it has supported sanctuary city policies and lax immigration enforcement, isn't it? This whole caring for the downtrodden deal is a ruse, a scam, a con. What The New York Times wants for the country is what has happened in California.
Forty years ago the Golden State was fertile ground for Republicans and conservatives. Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan and Pete Wilson all prospered out there. In fact, in 1968 Nixon beat Humphrey 48 to 45 in California. Last November, Obama beat McCain 61 to 37, a huge landslide.
In 1970, nine percent of California's population was foreign born. Now it is an astounding 28 percent, and most of the new voters are Democrats.
So the Dems now control power in California. It is a virtual one-party state — its 55 electoral votes a lock for the Democrats.
New York is almost a one-party state, that's 31 electoral votes. Illinois, controlled by Democrats, another 21 electoral votes.
Get the picture?
If blanket amnesty is passed, the Democratic ranks in places like Colorado, Arizona, Nevada and Florida will explode, putting our two-party system in jeopardy. That's exactly what The Times envisions.
And guess who is also a big blanket amnesty guy? Hey, there, George Soros. The far-left billionaire has donated big money to open border groups.
And then there's the ACLU, actively working against many laws that constrain illegal immigration, and opposing strict border enforcement.
So let's add this up. The Times, Soros, the ACLU. Quite a lineup.
If these people succeed in getting blanket amnesty passed for illegals and their families living abroad, the political system in America will change forever.
That's why The Times has branded me a racist — because I have unmasked them. They can't deny it, so they trot out the smear machine. A very troubling situation.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg got bit by a groundhog Monday. The mayor was trying to coax Chuck out of his wooden cottage on Staten Island when Chuck took a chunk out of Bloomberg's finger. New York City groundhogs do have attitude, you know.
Anyway, Mayor Bloomberg is a patriot for not roughing Chuck up. But more importantly, for donating more money to charity last year than any other American. $235 million Mayor Bloomberg gave to charity. Way to go.
On the pinhead front, actress Ashley Judd is becoming quite the left-wing bomb-thrower.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots."
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ASHLEY JUDD, ACTRESS: Hi, this is Ashley Judd for Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund. When Sarah Palin came on the national scene last summer, few knew that she promotes the brutal aerial killing of wolves. Using a low-flying plane, they kill in winter when there is no chance for the wolves to escape. Riddled with gunshots, biting at their backs in agony, they die a brutal death. It is time to stop Sarah Palin and stop the senseless savagery.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, let the record show that wolves are hunted by air to protect the moose and caribou population, according to the Alaskan Department of Fish and Game. Whether Ms. Judd is a pinhead or not is up to you.

