Last week, Taliban attacked a small village inside Afghanistan, beheading at least three civilians. And indications are they killed other unarmed folks with hand grenades. Local Afghan authorities responded to that attack and were fired upon. They then called for help, and American air power was dispatched, routing the terrorists.
Less than an hour later, the Taliban called the press claiming U.S. had killed scores of unarmed civilians on purpose. Of course, the corrupt press immediately reported the propaganda without knowing what actually happened. Then, the president and Secretary of State Clinton made statements.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I also made it clear that the United States will work with our Afghan and international partners to make every effort to avoid civilian casualties as we help the Afghan government combat our common enemy.
HILLARY CLINTON, SECRETARY OF STATE: I wish to express, you know, my personal regret and certainly the sympathy of our administration on the loss of civilian life in Afghanistan. We deeply regret it.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Secretary Clinton then went on to say there would be an investigation, which there should be. But, and this is big, the tone, particularly as you just saw from Secretary Clinton, of their remarks signal to the world that we did something wrong, which is preposterous. These Taliban killers hide behind civilians while murdering other civilians. Are we supposed to let them do that?
Now "The Factor" has been briefed by retired Brigadier General Anthony Tata, who told us that the impact points of the American bombs strongly suggest they didn't kill civilians in that village.
"Talking Points" believes that President Obama needs to get much tougher fast in the commander in chief role. If we are not going to fight to win in Afghanistan, let's get our people out of there. It is simply not fair to the military to run out calling for investigations every time the Taliban makes an accusation. Can you imagine FDR doing that when the Nazis cried foul? And the Taliban are no different than the SS, believe me.
It is long past time for the USA to stop with all the contrition, because in Iraq the military is fighting and dying to give the Afghan people a chance at freedom, a chance to live their lives without the threat of being beheaded. If the world doesn't like that, tough. We are not the bad guys. And the president should make that much more clearer than he has.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
From time to time we honor the animal kingdom with the patriot mantle. Here now for your consideration.
Click here to see Fatso the cat playing the keyboard!
Sadly, Fatso the cat is dead from natural causes, not from playing the organ. But he died a patriot.
On the pinhead front, no way Janeane Garofalo is going to get a patriot banner, at least not from us. Over the weekend she did a comedy gig in Boston, and "Factor" producer Griff Jenkins caught up with Ms. Garofalo.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JANEANE GAROFALO, COMEDIAN: Hello.
JENKINS: Hi, Ms. Garofalo.
GAROFALO: How are you?
JENKINS: What do you think of calling just honest protesters racist?
GAROFALO: Well, because they're not just honest protesters. They were indeed motivated a lot by racism. You saw some of those signs, did you not? And if they are upset about fiscal imprudence, where were they for the last eight years?
JENKINS: But you don't know they're racist.
GAROFALO: I have a good — what about that one sign that said, "Whatchu talking about, Willis?" What do you think about that sign?
JENKINS: I didn't see that sign. I'm just asking you…
GAROFALO: Right.
JENKINS: What do you say to the people who say, "All right, you owe those people an apology?"
GAROFALO: I don't, so they're going to have to wait a long time.
JENKINS: Bill O'Reilly says you should apologize. That's all I'm asking.
GAROFALO: Why the (EXPLETIVE DELETED) do I give a (EXPLETIVE DELETED) what Bill O'Reilly says. Bill O'Reilly should apologize for everything he says everyday.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Attractive, isn't she? Pinhead doesn't even begin to cover it.

