Interesting fight going on for the hearts and minds of the American people. The president knows he has lost momentum on health care, so now he's sending out surrogates to try to convince you that the feds should call your health care shots. Of course the liberal media is helping Mr. Obama out. Here's NBC News correspondent Andrea Mitchell on why some regular folks are bailing on health care:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ANDREA MITCHELL, NBC NEWS: They don't like what they're hearing. Now they may not know what's good for them, but the problem is that he always knew he was going to have to persuade people with insurance — that's the largest number — not the people without insurance for expanded coverage.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Note the line: They may not know what's good for them. A classic elitist play by Ms. Mitchell.
The White House is also taking on the Drudge Report, which along with YouTube and Breitbart TV ran this clip:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: But I don't think we're going to be able to eliminate employer coverage immediately. There's going to be potentially some transition process. I can envision a decade out, or 15 years out, or 20 years out.
LINDA DOUGLAS, COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR, WHITE HOUSE OFFICE OF HEALTH REFORM: Hi, I'm Linda Douglas. I'm the communications director for the White House office of health reform. And one of my jobs is to keep track of all the disinformation that's out there about health insurance reform, and there are a lot of very deceiving headlines out there right now such as this one. Take a look at this one. This one says "Uncovered Video: Obama Explains How His Health Care Plan Will Eliminate Private Insurance." Well, nothing could be further from the truth.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Again, the president's words in the past coming back to bite him.
At this point, the only way President Obama can get any health care plan passed is to compromise and deeply cut the expense while allowing tax breaks for working Americans who pay their own way.
Most Americans want strict government oversight on the health care and insurance industries, but don't want the feds calling their medical shots. Once again, Americans are saying no to a socialistic program that puts more power in the hands of the government. Most folks, including me, do not want that.
If President Obama does not wise up to that reality, his administration will be badly damaged.
And that's the "Talking Points Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
We'd like to spotlight Sgt. Jared Monti, killed in Afghanistan while rescuing fellow soldiers under fire. The 30-year-old Sgt. from Raynham, Massachusetts, will receive the Medal of Honor, the nation's highest award for bravery. He is only the second person fighting in Afghanistan to get the medal; the sixth since 9/11. Our condolences to the Monti family, as their son was a tremendous patriot.
On the pinhead front, even though 16-year-old Miley Cyrus has made a few mistakes — what teenager hasn't? — she is a talented person and does not deserve the grief she's getting. The latest is a stalker, 53-year-old Mark McLeod, now charged with a series of misdemeanors involving Ms. Cyrus. This appears to be a dangerous situation, a middle-aged man bothering a young girl. This is a beyond pinhead status and we ask the authorities to keep a close eye on McLeod.

