

BY BILL O'REILLY

Speaking on CNN, Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf is warning America that the violence may break out if the Ground Zero mosque is not built.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
IMAM FEISAL ABDUL RAUF: If we don't do this right, anger will explode in the Muslim world. If this is not handled correctly, this crisis could become much bigger than the Danish cartoon crisis, which resulted in attacks on Danish embassies in various parts of the Muslim world. And we have a much larger footprint in the Muslim world. If we don't handle this crisis correctly, it could become something which could really become very, very, very, very dangerous.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, that sounds ominous, does it not? Now I don't think the imam meant to threaten us, but the warning he is broadcasting could be a self-fulfilling prophecy. Already anti-American Muslim agitators have whipped up some folks in Afghanistan, people who have no idea what the mosque is all about. How do I know that? Well, many Afghans can't read. Many don't have electricity. So the delivery of news in that nation is in the hands of the propagandists. Back home, I remain willing to give Imam Rauf the benefit of the doubt, even though he is misguided in the mosque venture. The imam himself may now understand that.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP, "LARRY KING LIVE")
RAUF: If I knew that this would happen, this would cause this kind of pain, I wouldn't have done it. My life has been devoted to peace- making.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
But the imam should have known. Come on, building Islamic community center just yards away from where Muslims attacked us? Do the math, imam.
Now, if you would state, if you would state, imam, that the center is being built to condemn jihad, to announce that Muslim extremism is evil, then I'd pick up a hammer and help you build and so would everybody else.
But that's not the stated intent. All we hear about is tolerance. And as "Talking Points" said last night, that should swing both ways. When a Muslim cleric announces to the world that members of his own religion might kill people, kill people because of opposition to a mosque, there's a problem. When a published cartoon leads to violence, there's a problem. That's what Americans are objecting to, the continuing threat from Muslim fanatics who will use any excuse to murder innocent human beings. If Imam Rauf and all other good Muslim leaders would unite against that threat, there would be no mosque controversy or need for tolerance, because we'd all be in it together.
And that's "The Memo."

PINHEADS & PATRIOTS


Speaking to some person named Stephen Colbert, Vice President Biden did a riff on President Bush.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
STEPHEN COLBERT, HOST, COMEDY CENTRAL'S "THE COLBERT REPORT": Now let's talk about President Bush for a second. The administration has got some critique, some criticism from me and my conservative friends that you have not given enough credit to President Bush. Would you like take this opportunity right now -- look over there -- to say thank you?
JOE BIDEN, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Mr. President, thank you. You've honored these guys. You've honored these women. You've honored these troops. And I've known you your entire eight years as president. I've never known a time when you didn't care about what happened. We disagreed on policy. You deserve a lot of credit Mr. President.
COLBERT: Mr. President, I never disagreed with your policies.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
All right. For sticking up for a political opponent, Mr. Biden is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, as you may know, Senator Barbara Boxer is in fighting to retain her seat in the race against Carly Fiorina in California.
Earlier this week, a top aide to the senator was busted for trying to smuggle pot into the Senate office building. Now, that might explain a lot of the decisions being made on Capital Hill. But nevertheless, it is illegal, and 43-year-old Marcus Stanley has been charged. He is a pinhead as well as a pothead.




