A new CBS poll, which is usually friendly to the president, has Mr. Obama's job approval rating at just 46 percent; 41 percent of Americans now disapprove. That is the president's worst showing in this poll.
The Rasmussen daily tracking poll also has the president's approval rating at just 46 percent, with 53 percent disapproving.
"Talking Points" predicted that last week with Dick Morris. I said Americans were not thrilled with President Obama's rather unemotional response to the Christmas Day terror situation.
Also, the secret health care nonsense starring Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid is not helping Mr. Obama at all.
In the same CBS poll, just 36 percent of Americans now approve of the president's health care strategy. That is a disaster.
To be fair, Ronald Reagan had low approval numbers at the same time in his tenure, and President Obama has plenty of opportunity to turn things around. But right now he cannot be a happy guy.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
As you may know, three Navy SEALs are being prosecuted by the military for allegedly punching a terrorist in Iraq. Now a judge has ruled that two of the SEALs must return to Iraq so they can face their accuser.
We continue to believe this whole thing is nonsense and the SEALs are patriots, not criminals. We'll keep you posted.
On the pinhead front, President Bush the elder is 85 years old, and the other day he was in a Houston restaurant when a deranged person approached him:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Murderer, Zionist piece of (EXPLETIVE DELETED). You won't get your new world order, guy. I can't — are you happy for the millions of deaths you're part of? People know. People are waking up to the reality of this, Mr. Bush, you piece of (EXPLETIVE DELETED).
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That isn't necessary.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, it is necessary. The guy is responsible for killing millions.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now that guy should have been arrested by the Secret Service. However, we called them and they will not comment, so we don't know what happened. We hope the Service will clarify the situation quickly.
The guy may be a pinhead, but he also deserves to be held accountable.

