

By Bill O'Reilly

Authorities all over the world are searching for Julian Assange, the man who posted secret State Department documents on his website WikiLeaks. Police are looking for Assange in relation to rape allegations out of Sweden, but let's face it: Authorities are using anything they can to get this guy.

For the second consecutive day, WikiLeaks is mostly offline after being attacked by cyber people. And there is no question Mr. Assange is a pariah in many places.

The issue is quite simple. If guys like Assange succeed in creating chaos among intelligence agencies, the terrorists will have a much easier time.

Here in America, where terrorism remains a huge issue, many folks are mystified by President Obama's failure to talk about the WikiLeaks situation. White House spokesman Robert Gibbs was asked about that on "Fox & Friends":

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

STEVE DOOCY, CO-HOST, "FOX & FRIENDS": Why haven't we heard from the president on this yet?

ROBERT GIBBS, WHITE HOUSE SPOKESMAN: Well, the president, through the secretary of State and through many of the people that work here have spoken…

DOOCY: No, I know. But why not the president?

GIBBS: …I think pretty clearly on -- on how they are upset on the fact that hundreds of thousands of documents, many highly classified, have been leaked. Understand that the…

DOOCY: All right.

GIBBS: …president has, as you mentioned, lots of responsibilities and hats. Let's make sure this economy is strong and growing. Let's make sure our country is safe and secure.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

So it's obvious Mr. Gibbs doesn't want to tell the nation why President Obama will not speak about WikiLeaks.

Maybe it's just me, ladies and gentlemen, but I don't understand Mr. Obama. Remember when he was asked about the wisdom of the Ground Zero mosque? He wouldn't say anything. And now with a huge assault on the U.S. State Department, he stays silent as well.

On Monday, Brit Hume said that was smart because it might tamp down the situation. I disagree. I think most Americans want to know what the president thinks about the fact that the USA cannot seem to protect its secrets.

As for Assange, most Americans want him prosecuted. The guy has gotten away with hurting this country for far too long. It is time for the Obama administration to put an end to that and charge him with espionage.

And that's "The Memo."

Pinheads & Patriots

As you may know, the president got elbowed in the mouth playing basketball recently, and former NBA star Charles Barkley had some comments:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

CONAN O'BRIEN, HOST, "CONAN": You've watched him play and you've analyzed his play.

CHARLES BARKLEY, FORMER NBA STAR: He is a one-handed basketball player, as we say. There are certain guys who can go either way. They say you're ambidextrous. But he is a one-handed basketball player.

O'BRIEN: OK. So you're pretty confident you would do well in a game, in a one-on-one against the president of the United States?

BARKLEY: Oh yes, come on. I mean, I'm an old fat guy now, but I'll kick his ass.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

Is Mr. Barkley a pinhead or a patriot for his analysis? You can vote on BillOReilly.com.

On Tuesday night we featured an out of control otter, and the results are in: 83 percent think the otter is a patriot for protecting his turf; 17 percent say he is a pinhead.


