Ever since the Tea Party protests began last summer, the left-wing media in America has been attacking the movement.
At first, Tea Party folks were labeled stupid, too dumb to understand complicated issues. Then, as the protests grew, some in the media actually began calling Tea Party people dirty names, trying to diminish the movement with vile innuendo. Finally, the media turned to ideology, saying that many Tea Party people are racist and far-right cranks.
Now comes a new Gallup poll that says 43 percent of Tea Party supporters in the USA are independents, eight percent are Democrats and 49 percent are Republicans. When you add 43 and eight, you get 51 percent. That means the majority of Tea Party supporters in America are not Republicans.
Also, Gallup says that 55 percent of those supporting the Tea Party are in the higher income brackets, an interesting stat.
Nevertheless, liberal media people and politicians continue their vicious attacks on the Tea Party:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. STEVE COHEN, D-TENN.: The Tea Party people are kind of like without robes and hoods. They have really shown a very hardcore, angry side of America that is against any type of diversity. And we saw opposition to African-Americans, hostility toward gays, hostility to anybody who wasn't just, you know, a clone of George Wallace's fan club. And I'm afraid they've taken over the Republican Party."
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Again, with 51 percent of Tea Party supporters non-Republican according to Gallup, Congressman Cohen is either misinformed, a pinhead, or both.
You may have seen me and Bernie Goldberg discuss media corruption — not bias, outright corruption — last week on "The Factor," and the Tea Party media situation is the best example of that.
From the jump, the Tea Party protesters never had a chance. As soon as they objected to President Obama's big government vision, the left-wing media moved in. And as you know, liberals dominate the national media in this country, so the loon label was quickly applied to the Tea Party people. And some Americans are buying it, but not as many as you might think.
Gallup says that right now 28 percent of Americans support the Tea Party, 26 percent oppose it, and 38 percent do not support or oppose, which means there is a persuasion option here.
And that's why the left-wing media is so biased against the Tea Party. They fear more Americans will sign on.
But it's not the media's job to engineer political thinking in this country, and that's what is happening in some quarters. If you oppose the Obama administration, you must be demeaned and neutralized. That is corruption, and there's no doubt it is in play.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
As we reported earlier, these Westboro Baptist Church nuts are all over the place. Recently they showed up at a high school in Palo Alto, California, a school they think is too permissive. Well the students turned the table on the loons:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED GROUP (SINGING): This little light of mine, I'm going let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
For that counter-protest, the students at Gunn High School are patriots.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
On the pinhead front, it is still cold up in Maine, but that did not stop some ladies from taking off their shirts in public. Apparently a couple of dozen women want the world to know that if it's OK for a guy to take off his shirt, it's OK for a gal, or something.
No arrests were made. No cases of frostbite announced. But we believe these ladies might be in the pinhead category.

