In just a few moments, we will show you some nasty business: liberals attacking liberals, trying to assign blame for the debacle in Massachusetts Tuesday night.
Basically, it comes down to this. The far left believes President Obama is not radical enough. The moderate left believes the far-left loons are killing the Democratic Party. No matter what you believe, there's no question the election of Scott Brown in Massachusetts has badly damaged the Democratic agenda, especially Obamacare.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. NANCY PELOSI, D-CALIF., HOUSE SPEAKER: In its present form without any change, I don't think it's possible to pass the Senate bill in the House. I don't see the votes for it at this time.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Indeed.
Now for conservatives, this is all great fun, watching the left descend into turmoil.
Thursday, The New York Times published an editorial about the Bay State election that is simply hard to believe: "To our minds, it is not remotely a verdict on Mr. Obama's presidency, nor does it amount to a national referendum on health care reform."
Well, our latest Rasmussen poll on the subject says just 38 percent of likely voters now favor Obamacare. Memo to the editor of The Times: Do the words tone deaf mean anything to you? No referendum is needed. Health care is dead in its present form.
Also, Mr. Obama's entire presidency has been damaged. I mean, some Democrats believe the president's trip to Massachusetts actually hurt Martha Coakley. And The Times is telling us it's not a verdict on Mr. Obama's presidency? Are you kidding me?
All of this tells "Talking Points" the left has not learned anything from the elections in Virginia, New Jersey and Massachusetts. Somehow uber-liberals believe that regular folks think the way they do, that massive government spending is terrific, that a nanny state can solve all problems. I mean, how out of touch are these left-wing people?
The crazy-left media outlets are all in desperate shape, and the mood of the country has shifted dramatically to the right. In the face of all of that, the committed left continues to blame everything on the Bush administration, conservative radio commentators and Fox News.
Paging Rod Serling, the "Twilight Zone" is back.
"Talking Points" embraces political analysis, not ideological nonsense. We do not drink anyone's Kool-Aid here, and it's obvious the American people don't like what they're seeing in Washington right now. And they are rejecting the left-wing media as well. President Obama should take note.
We predicted all hell would break loose if the Republican won in Massachusetts, and that prediction is coming true.
And that's "The Memo."
Now for the top story tonight. To prove my point, I'm going to the videotape. Fasten your seatbelts.
Click here to watch a video montage of liberals attacking liberals!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CHRIS MATTHEWS, MSNBC: But you say the voters are irrational. They somehow send smoke signals in their voting. They vote for a conservative Republican who's totally against health care to tell the country they want a progressive health care program. That's crazy.
HOWARD DEAN, FORMER DNC CHAIRMAN: We know what they did.
MATTHEWS: Are voters crazy? Are voters crazy?
DEAN: We — Chris, there's only one crazy person around here, and I may hold a premiere. You may see him in a minute here. Don't be silly.
RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC: In trying to accommodate guys like Joe Lieberman and Ben Nelson and Evan Bayh, they came up with watered down Republican-like policies that were frankly less effective. Hello, smaller stimulus just for the sake of being smaller. Remember that?
MATTHEWS: They had a choice between the public option candidate and kill it. And they voted to kill it. So how do you explain that?
DEAN: These voters were sending a message to Washington. They asked for change and they haven't gotten change.
MATTHEWS: But she said I want to give you the public option.
DEAN: We got a year dealing with every interest group, the banks, the insurance companies.
MATTHEWS: You're whistling past the graveyard here.
DEAN: I don't think so.
MATTHEWS: She ran for the public option.
DEAN: Our polling shows what it shows.
MATTHEWS: But she's for the public option. She got blown away.
TINA BROWN, FOUNDER, THE DAILY BEAST: He's been a great disappointment to a lot of people. I would just argue that the hype on Obama was entirely unrealistic. I mean, in some ways people projected on to Obama a kind of messianic, he's going to come in and change the world. It was almost new age. And as a matter of fact, I mean, when Obama was running, I never did drink that Kool-Aid.
MATTHEWS: Suppose Coakley had won. You would have said that was a victory for progressive Democrats. Wouldn't it?
DEAN: No, I would have said thank God the right person won.
MATTHEWS: OK, in other words, if she wins, that's a victory for your side. If she loses, that's a victory for your side.
DEAN: No, I don't think it's a victory for…
MATTHEWS: You said that your side won, because the polling showed the people…
DEAN: I haven't said anything. You've used up all the air time.
MIKE MALLOY, RADIO TALK SHOW HOST: You crazy sons of b-tches, you right-wingers, do you not understand that the people you hold up as heroes bombed your (EXPLETIVE) country? Do you not understand that Glenn Beck and Sean Hannity and Rush Limbaugh and Bill O'Reilly are as complicit of the September 11th, 2001 terror attack as any one of those dumbass 15 that came from Saudi Arabia? Don't you get that?
MATTHEWS: So if you're Scott Brown and he's listening to this program, he's learning from you that what he really out to do is back a public option, because people when they voted for him were really secretly for the progressive position, not for him, his position. Are you are saying that's what he should read the voters as saying?
DEAN: I say you're being silly and no, they're not saying that.
MATTHEWS: It would be in his political self-interest to vote for the public option, you're saying? Wouldn't it be?
DEAN: What I think we ought to do is look forward from this election.
MATTHEWS: No, but you said the polling showed people are for the public option.
DEAN: I said what I said. This is silly. We're not getting anywhere.
MATTHEWS: No, you're being silly.
DEAN: You want to look forward to one with doctors.
MATTHEWS: You're saying no matter who wins an election, your argument wins.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I saw Senator-elect Brown say he wants to play basketball with the president. First thing I thought of is yeah, good, and let's see if the president can throw him an elbow under the hoop.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
And you think I interrupt? So what does that spectacle tell us? Well, here's one thing: There's no liberal message anymore. With the folks rejecting big government and the soft treatment of terrorists, there's nowhere for the far left to go. When Senator McCain lost to Barack Obama, you didn't see a lot of right-wing hand-to-hand combat. There was some bitterness, but conservatives did not generally turn on each other, with the exception of some crazy radio guys who make their livings in the gutter.
So all in all, it's now midnight at the oasis for the left. They have no message. They have no plan. While the right was crushed in November 2008, conservatives are now having some revenge. We'll see how that plays out.
Pinheads & Patriots
Conan O'Brien's last day on the air at NBC is Friday. He'll walk away with more than $32 million bucks, but he's still taking some shots.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CONAN O'BRIEN, HOST, NBC'S "THE TONIGHT SHOW": For the rest of the week, we're going to introduce new comedy bits that aren't so much funny as they are crazy expensive. Say hello to our new "Tonight Show" character, the Bugatti Veyron Mouse. There it is, ladies and gentlemen. There it is, the most expensive car in the world dressed up like a mouse. And as you can hear, the mouse's theme song is the original master recording of the Rolling Stones classic "Satisfaction." Total price tag for this comedy bit, $1.5 million!
(END VIDEO CLIP)
You can decide if Mr. O'Brien is being a patriot or a pinhead.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
The same goes for Letterman and Leno.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DAVID LETTERMAN, HOST, CBS'S "THE LATE SHOW WITH DAVID LETTERMAN": Conan O'Brien, he had "The Tonight Show," and now he's leaving, and NBC is negotiating with him. And it's that intellectual property. He can't take his signature comedy bits with him. But that's OK. Jay will take them. So it's going to work out just fine.
JAY LENO, HOST, NBC'S "THE JAY LENO SHOW": Letterman has been hammering me every night, going after me. Hey, Kevin, you know the best way to get Letterman to ignore you?
KEVIN EUBANKS, BAND LEADER, NBC'S "THE JAY LENO SHOW": What's that?
LENO: Marry him, OK? He will not bother you. He won't look you in the eye.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Once again, you decide. I'm staying out of it. Pinheads or patriots?

