
By Bill O'Reilly
Last week, the House voted 308 to 114 to continue funding the war in Afghanistan. One hundred and two Democratic congresspeople said no, including uber-liberals like Barney Frank, Maxine Waters and Dennis Kucinich. Twelve Republicans joined them.
This despite the fact that TIME magazine featured an 18-year-old Afghan woman on its cover, her ears and nose cut off by her husband who objected to her conduct. A Taliban leader imposed the sentenced.
Now, liberal philosophy is built around fighting oppression, so you would think that liberal politicians would want to defeat the Taliban at almost all costs, but that is not the case.
Before they were removed by American special forces, the Taliban in Afghanistan brutalized the population, especially women. These people are Nazis. They routinely commit atrocities. They are lunatics. They are dangerous to the world.
Yet 114 American congresspeople want to walk away from the conflict.
Right now in Iran, a woman has been ordered stoned to death for committing adultery. A recent movie called "The Stoning of Soraya M." depicted that brutal execution-technique that is also practiced by the Taliban.
So there is no question that if the U.S. withdraws from Afghanistan, millions of people will be harmed should the Taliban regain power.
"Talking Points" believes the reason some liberal Americans oppose continuing the war in Afghanistan is that they see the USA as an oppressor, as a force that creates more problems than it solves. That mindset has been in play ever since Vietnam and was recently illuminated by Jane Fonda in a conversation with Fox News producer Porter Berry:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PORTER BERRY, FOX NEWS PRODUCER: What do you think about what happened to the three million Vietnamese and Cambodians who died after the U.S. troops left Vietnam?
JANE FONDA, ACTRESS: It's too bad that we caused it to happen by going in there in the first place.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Ms. Fonda's opinion that America's foreign policy drives barbaric behavior is a very dangerous mindset.
Unfortunately, the war in Afghanistan may turn out the way Vietnam did. We are backing a corrupt government and the people are scared to help us, knowing that the Taliban could execute them if they do.
But President Obama is correct in giving the U.S. military a chance to defeat this terrible enemy.
Once again, America is trying to protect the innocent while the left objects.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
NASCAR driver Jeff Gordon is a very successful guy. His yearly income is estimated at $21 million. Wow.
So Mr. Gordon is giving back, donating $1.5 million to establish a foundation that would help a hospital in Indianapolis which treats children who have life threatening diseases. For that, Mr. Gordon is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, you may remember that last week Congressman Anthony Weiner got a bit upset over his peers voting down new health care money, some of which would benefit 9/11 responders. When asked about his passionate display, Mr. Weiner said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. ANTHONY WEINER, D-N.Y.: Sometimes things make you angry, and I don't have any regret for showing my anger. I think too -- we live in a life you know -- you've got people over at Fox News who make millions of dollars acting angry when they are not.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Of course, Fox News has nothing to do with Mr. Weiner's issue, but he has to throw us in there. It doesn't make us angry, congressman, but it does make you a pinhead.

