Gov. Palin has agreed to do commentary right here on FNC and will begin Tuesday night on "The Factor."
This, of course, is good news for us, as the governor is the most charismatic politician in the country right now, with the possible exception of President Obama.
With her increased visibility, we can expect even more media attacks on Sarah Palin. But in my opinion, a loathing towards her by the press has made her much stronger in the eyes of the public. Her book "Going Rogue" is a huge best-seller. Her speaking fees are in the six figure range, and she's a legitimate presidential contender in 2012 should she seek the office.
Last night, "60 Minutes" spent a large amount of time on a new book that criticizes Sarah Palin to some extent, but in the end, she comes out looking good. Top McCain adviser Steve Schmidt says Sen. McCain would have lost bigger had Gov. Palin not been on the ticket.
At this point, I'm ready to pronounce Sarah Palin a Teflon politician. No matter how they try to destroy her, it doesn't stick.
Tuesday night it will be fascinating to hear what Sarah Palin thinks about Harry Reid's comment reported in the same book "Game Change" that Barack Obama was a legitimate presidential contender because he doesn't speak in Negro dialect, Reid's words, and his skin is light color. The Democratic Party has now rallied around Reid. President Obama has accepted his apology.
But let's face it, that is a very provocative statement, and I believe it demeans President Obama and African-Americans in general.
Negro dialect? Come on. Imagine if Rush Limbaugh had said that or me.
So Gov. Palin will get a question about that and many other things swirling around in the political arena. Again, we will see her Tuesday night right here.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Garth Brooks has not been around very much lately. He cut back his touring schedule to spend more time with his family. But now Mr. Brooks and some rodeo professionals are trying to raise $1 million to help poor kids who live in the inner cities. Mr. Brooks says he wants to raise all the money this year, 2010, and we hope he does. For his effort, Garth Brooks is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, it breaks my heart, but Halle Berry is in the zone because she, her boyfriend and her baby were allowed to bypass airport security in Montreal simply because she's famous. That's not good. None of us like to stand in long lines, but just because you're a movie star doesn't give you an exemption. Ms. Berry and the Canadian security people who allowed it are pinheads.

