

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Culture Warrior" segment tonight: A new study out of Europe says the recipe for happy marriage includes the wife being smarter than the husband — hey, we all knew that — the guy being older than the wife, and the couple being from the same cultural background. But it's the smart deal that has people talking.
Here now, the "Culture Warriors," Fox News analyst Margaret Hoover and "Fox & Friends" co-anchor Gretchen Carlson.
All right, Carlson, we'll begin with you. You buying this?
GRETCHEN CARLSON, CO-HOST, "FOX & FRIENDS": Absolutely not. This is a ridiculous study.
O'REILLY: Ridiculous study?
Click here to watch the segment!
CARLSON: It says that women have to be 27 percent, at least 27 percent smarter than their husbands. First of all, how do they come up with their number? I mean, I'm all for men marrying up, but let's face it, why should the woman marry a dumber husband? I mean, that doesn't make…
O'REILLY: So they can control their lives, be in control of the house.
CARLSON: Marriage is all about communication. For those of us who've been married for whether, it's three months like Margaret, or 13 years like myself, or however long you've been married, Bill, marriage is about communication. All of these studies I think are bunk.
O'REILLY: OK. I have to tell you, Hoover, that I design "The Factor" and bring in women contributors and guests who are 27 percent smarter than me, all right? And my ratings are very strong. So therefore, I'm rejecting Carlson, because I think that the Europeans might be onto something.
MARGARET HOOVER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: And you mean a minimum of 27 percent smarter than you.
O'REILLY: A minimum. Some of them, like you, are 80, 90 percent smarter than I am. And it's really worked here.
HOOVER: Well, you know, I appreciate that you jest in belittling yourself. But I think you're quite bright. And I think that you get that marital solutions, the way to solve marriages, these sort of things are as old as civilization itself.
O'REILLY: So you're waxing poetic now? Is that what you're doing? Do you believe this or not?
HOOVER: They have been bogus — they have been bogus since the beginning of civilization.
O'REILLY: So you think it's — you agree with Carlson, it's bogus?
HOOVER: I do agree it's bogus. I think you're at least 27 percent smarter than I am.
O'REILLY: OK. That — that — let the audience decide. But both of you say that it is not important for a happy marriage to have the wife smarter than the husband? Is that what you're telling me?
CARLSON: I'm surprised the study wasn't the other way around, to be quite honest with you. I'm serious.
O'REILLY: Have you ever seen guys in the living room watching the game?
CARLSON: I'm right there with them, unfortunately. What does that make me?
O'REILLY: All right. ACLU in Massachusetts, Hoover, objects to school uniforms. Now, as you may know, if you have read any of my books about kids, I as a former teacher think school uniforms for public school students is a must because it sends a message you're not in the hood anymore. You're in school. All right? It takes social pressure away, because you're not trying to one up Sally sitting next to you. And the school then exerts its authority. From the time you get up in the morning, you know I am a student. I go to school. But the ACLU says no. Why?
HOOVER: They say no because it represses the individual expression of young children.
O'REILLY: It represses?
HOOVER: They're not able to assess themselves because they can't.
O'REILLY: So they're willing to — they're not able to wear a dirty T-shirt or jeans with the ripped knees and this represses?
HOOVER: Yes, it's infringement on their civil liberties. But look...
O'REILLY: Are you buying this?
HOOVER: Of course not. Bill Clinton on 1996 ran on school uniforms. The education reform movement in this country has absolutely embraced school uniforms.
O'REILLY: So you think that the ACLU is misguided?
HOOVER: I think — can we use the word "loon" again?
O'REILLY: Loons. OK, what do you say?
CARLSON: Individuality, first of all, at school should be front and center in the classroom. Individuality should be how you perform academically. You can certainly set aside yourself as an individual if you get a good grade in class.
O'REILLY: So you both are agreeing that school uniforms are a good thing.
CARLSON: ...kids who wear school uniforms now — I did not grow up wearing one. I went to public schools where I wore what I wanted to. But now that my daughter is wearing a school uniform, it's easier for parents. It's more economical. And it's not a competition thing.
O'REILLY: I don't want your daughter to feel that she is stifled.
CARLSON: Look, when she comes home from school she can put on whatever she wants, and then she can be an individual, fashion-wise.
HOOVER: I will tell you, I saw a group of girls, a gaggle of girls yesterday. They were all in plaid skirts. They were all in their uniforms. Every single one of them looked different. You know why? They had different colored tights on, different colored sweaters and...
O'REILLY: Now I, ladies and gentlemen, am thinking about having all our female contributors in uniforms here. "Factor" uniform, a big "F" on the thing.
All right. Finally, teen pot and booze use rising. All I want from you, ladies, is to tell me why you think that's happening, not it's a bad thing. We know it's a bad thing. Why is teen booze and pot on the rise?
CARLSON: After it declined for many, many years, which is also a very important point in this study. Why? Because the message of society is that it's cool and it's OK. Look at the Academy Awards.
O'REILLY: Wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait. Where is that message?
CARLSON: Just at the Academy Awards this past weekend Woody Harrelson wore a hemp tux, and everyone talked about it.
O'REILLY: Yes, but — but you know, a hemp tux, as I got a lot of letters on it, so what? Unless he smoked it, you know.
CARLSON: We don't know what he did afterwards.
O'REILLY: Woody Harrelson is a loon, and I don't think a lot of kids are paying attention to what Woody Harrelson's wearing to the Oscars.
CARLSON: OK. Why else would this study show that in just the last year it changed so dramatically?
O'REILLY: So you think it's media — media intrusion on the young people, incursion to do this.
HOOVER: The change is only in one year. Whack jobs will tell you that it's the only thing different between the year before and this year, is that we have a new president. Maybe it's President Obama's fault. Look, the real citizens — I mean that's what the wing-nuts are saying, right? That's what they'll say.
O'REILLY: I don't know.
HOOVER: But here's the thing. I looked at this, Bill. And I can't see a huge difference. Frankly, the cultural cues in our last year have been of major celebrities with drug problems having — having problems.
O'REILLY: Corey Haim just dies yesterday.
(CROSSTALK)
HOOVER: And Michael Jackson.
O'REILLY: Here's what I think it is.
HOOVER: I don't think there's a glorification of drugs in our culture.
O'REILLY: Here's what I think it is. I think the machines that all these kids are addicted to are very — promoting escapism. Because you've got a problem, you go on the machine, you go on the iPod, the Blueberry [sic], whatever you have.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: Yes. The PCs, the "S's" (ph), all of that stuff. And then they get used to the escapism. And then what is booze or drugs? Escapism.
CARLSON: That's deep. That's deep.
O'REILLY: I am a deep guy.
CARLSON: I'm agreeing with you.
O'REILLY: And — and you know what that is? That's 27 percent deeper than your answer.
HOOVER: Now you know what my answer is?
O'REILLY: There we go, everybody…
HOOVER: You're not giving me a chance to give my answer.
O'REILLY: …"Culture Warriors."


