

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Back of the Book" segment tonight: "Reality Check," the Obamacare edition.
Click here to watch "Reality Check"!
"Check" one: Speaking about health care reform on Geraldo's program, Al Sharpton said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REV. AL SHARPTON, CIVIL RIGHTS LEADER: I think that this is — began to transform the country the way the president had promised. This is what he ran on.
GERALDO RIVERA, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Some argue to socialism.
SHARPTON: Well, first of all, then we'd have to say that the American public overwhelmingly voted for socialism when they elected President Obama.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Wow.
By the way, "Check" does not believe most voters had socialism on their minds when they went to the polls in November of '08. But they will in the future.
"Check" two: Congressman Patrick Kennedy is passionate once again, this time about the Democratic leadership.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. PATRICK KENNEDY, D-N.H.: I salute President Obama. He has been the president, and even more, than my father could have ever imagined. And this speaker that I've supported, Speaker Pelosi, worked hard. She's an unsung hero. Her ambition is for children in this country, all of whom are going to get covered under this bill. And it's — my hat is off to her. She's really provided moral and political leadership and worked, worked, worked. And I can't say enough about how proud I am to be part of the Congress with Nancy Pelosi as our speaker.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Mr. Kennedy is giving up his House seat come January.
"Check" three: Like him or not, White House counsel chief of staff Rahm Emanuel is a straight-talking kind of guy, as demonstrated last night on "60 Minutes."
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KATIE COURIC, CBS NEWS ANCHOR: Does the midterm election keep you up at night at all?
RAHM EMANUEL, WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF: No. I think that, first of all, we have a time to go in the election, a lot to play out. I think the Republicans have a level of energy, but inside that energy is their own problem and fissures. And they're basically at the behest of a fringe group that's taken control of their party, and their own leaders are scared of it.
COURIC: The Tea Party.
EMANUEL: So I can give you a more pertinent or rather a more informed answer in June and July. And anybody who does politics can tell you that they couldn't answer that now.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: I can answer it now. Mr. Emanuel and others would be wise not to discount the Tea Party movement. It has moved way beyond the fringe.
"Check" four: Congressman Jim McDermott in Washington is kind of a loopy guy and proved it once again on the House floor.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. JIM MCDERMOTT, D-WASH.: Mr. Speaker, I rise today to tell the story of a 11-year-old boy from Washington state who visited Congress last week to lobby for health care reform. His name is Marcellas Owens, and he lost his uninsured mother to pulmonary hypertension which could have been treated. Glenn Beck, Rush Limbaugh and Michelle Malkin took to the airwaves to tear Marcellas apart. In all my years of public service, I can't remember the last time when I saw such a cheap and disgraceful campaign. On my way to work this morning, I saw a group of tea baggers, and I'm really happy that they'll be in Washington to witness Congress pass the historic health care bill tomorrow.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Tea baggers, of course, a sexual slang term. Mr. McDermott on the House floor might have avoided that. Now, McDermott is angry because some believe the Democrats exaggerated the young boy's story that he referred to and that special interests are involved in marketing that story. We don't know.
"Check" five: It's getting worse for Governor Schwarzenegger. A new field poll says 71 percent of Californians now disprove of his job performance. Just 23 percent think he's doing a great job. The Golden State's near bankruptcy. That's what's driving Arnold's new numbers.
"Check" six: In preparation for his return to the golf tour, Tiger Woods is talking to the press.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I ask this question respectfully but, of course, at a distance from your family life, when you look at it now, why did you get married?
TIGER WOODS, PROFESSIONAL GOLFER: Why? Because I loved her. I loved Elin with everything that I have, and that's something that makes me feel even worse. I did this to someone I loved that much.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How do you reconcile what you've done with that love?
WOODS: We work at it.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right. Mr. Woods is expected to compete in the Masters Tournament next month.
And finally, "Check" 7: Because our auction for the Wounded Warrior Project was so successful, $68,000 raised, we're having another one. Beginning tonight, you can bid on autographed cover of my upcoming book. This is the first time it's ever been seen in public. There it is, "Pinheads & Patriots: Where You Stand in the Age of Obama." That's going to be out next September. We have only five of these. I have autographed them all, so they will be collector's items. And you can get details on BillOReilly.com.
Now, the proceeds will go to two military charities: Operation Shoebox, who sends care packages to the troops overseas. And Dennis Miller's charity, USA Cares, which provides financial and other assistance to vets in need.
So there you go. First time that cover has been unveiled. And we hope you bid on the items. Auction one off each day this week.
That is "Reality Check."


