


JUAN WILLIAMS, GUEST HOST: In the "Personal Story" segment tonight: Arizona is the newest epicenter of political controversy and a new political ad calling President Obama the worst president ever is only adding more fuel to the fire. Ben Quayle, the son of former Vice President Dan Quayle, is running for a congressional seat in Phoenix. And with the Republican primary just days away, he released this ad:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BEN QUAYLE, ARIZONA CONGRESSIONAL CANDIDATE: Barack Obama is the worst president in history. In my generation, we'll inherit a weakened country, drug cartels in Mexico, tax cartels in D.C. What's happened to America? I love Arizona. I was raised right. Somebody has to go to Washington and knock the hell out of the place. My name is Ben Quayle, and I approve this message.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
WILLIAMS: Joining us now from Phoenix, Ben Quayle. Ben, I watched this ad and I thought to myself, goodness gracious, the worst president ever? I've seen some pretty unpopular presidents in my time, but the worst ever? Are you just using some kind of Obama bashing to get elected?
BEN QUAYLE, ARIZONA CONGRESSIONAL CANDIDATE: No, Juan, I mean, this statement, you know, I have thought long and hard about it. I wasn't happy to make it. I want our leaders to lead our country to greatness, but President Obama and his misguided policies and ideology have really fundamentally changed our country in the wrong way, more so than any president in our history. And I believe that what he is doing right now is going to have very detrimental effects on future generations, and especially my generation, that he's destroying the American dream right now. So that's why I made this ad.
WILLIAMS: Well, you know, Ben, you said tax cartels, I'm sorry, drug cartels in Mexico, tax cartels in Washington. But I remember Republican administrations that had lots of deficit spending. So why bring in drug lords and equate them to people who are running Washington these days?
QUAYLE: Well, here in Arizona, we're at the forefront of this administration's attacks. We have drug cartels that are stepping up their violence just south of the border. And they are actually targeting some of our law enforcement officers, and they're running their drugs in and out of Arizona without any help from the federal government. And what we're going to see from a business standpoint, economic standpoint, are the tax cartels from Washington, D.C., that are going to hit us again. And we don't know which is the more clear and present danger, but we'll find out soon enough. But Arizona is the one who's at the front lines of this administration's attacks.
WILLIAMS: Well, Ben, what I'm getting at is is it fair to say that you're simply pandering to the worst instincts of the far right to get elected in Arizona? You're saying, you know what? It was sordid -- I'm using your language here -- sordid for the U.S. government to file a suit against the new Arizona immigration law. You're saying if you don't see cuts in entitlements spending in the country, you want to freeze or maybe even reduce the pay of people in the executive branch and the Congress to punish them. So I mean, I'm thinking to myself, oh really, reduce entitlements? What is that going to do to people on Social Security and Medicare and Medicaid?
QUAYLE: Well, actually, the way to do that with entitlement reform is to actually being able to have the reforms, not affecting those who are in or near retirement today. But it will have changes to those who are outside of that window. We need to do those reforms because otherwise, it's going to absolutely bankrupt our country. I mean, unfunded liabilities are between $60 and $100 trillion, depending on what estimate you use. So we have to have those entitlement reforms, because if they -- we don't get them, especially quickly before the bulk of the baby boom generation starts hitting those numbers, all of that spending is going to crowd out everything else. And President Obama has actually increased our entitlement burden going forward with the health care reform package, and that's what I'm talking about…
WILLIAMS: All right.
QUAYLE: …is his policies have been -- are going to be detrimental to the future of the United States.
WILLIAMS: Well, Ben, let me just say now, you are in the midst of a controversy of your own over this "Dirty" Scottsdale website. Initially you said you had nothing to do with it. Now you're saying yes, in fact, you did post some comments to it. And the man who started it says you helped to create it. So what's going on here, because this is kind of a raunchy website? It could damage your campaign if this gets out that you were involved as a conservative Republican. What are you telling people?
QUAYLE: Yes, well, the website that is pushing this smear campaign against me is despicable and an obnoxious website. I have never had any affiliation with that website. This is a smear campaign done by one of my opponents here in Arizona. Now, I have done a comment on a blog that doesn't exist anymore, and so that's what we were talking about here. It's a smear campaign against me.
WILLIAMS: But you didn't introduce the founder to lawyers and you didn't post comments about the hottest chicks in Arizona and all that?
QUAYLE: I did do a referral for a lawyer, but I don't think that that makes me any sort of a creator. And it doesn't. I had nothing to do with the creation of any website.
WILLIAMS: Ben Quayle, thanks for coming on and stepping up to the plate. We appreciate it.
QUAYLE: Thanks, Juan.


