
By Bill O'Reilly
You may remember about this time last year the White House declared war on Fox News, saying that we were irresponsible in our reporting and biased against the administration.
I write about that extensively in my new book "Pinheads and Patriots" because it actually helped us. Our ratings went up, and the credibility of the administration went down.
After a few weeks of that nonsense, a truce was declared and business went on as usual.
Now that war is being resurrected. Not by the president but by some of his acolytes.
With the November election looming, the Democrats really are in a tough spot. The economy is not getting much better, and voters are angry.
All the polls say the Democrats are in trouble. So a smokescreen is needed to mask reality, something to drive attention away from the economy and other problems.
A few weeks ago, the president went after Congressman John Boehner. That didn't go anywhere. So now some lefties are bringing Fox News back into the war zone.
If you visit the left-wing websites, the rhetoric is pretty much all the same: Fox News lies; Fox News is a propaganda arm of the Republican Party; Fox News doesn't give President Obama a chance.
And in the past few days, we've seen that internet rhetoric expand to TV.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. ALAN GRAYSON, D-FLA.: One of the fundamental problems is Fox, OK? Fox has turned into Monty Python's lying circus. All day long they spew lies out time after time, day after day. And they have created this bubble of irreality around the people who listen to them, and it's a threat to this country.
FORMER PRESIDENT JIMMY CARTER: Things have gone downhill, I think, in the last few years with the polarization of our country, with the evolution of a new kind of politics, with the birth of Fox News that now distorts everything rather than tells the truth.
RICK SANCHEZ, HOST, CNN's "RICK'S LIST": And then there is Fox News, which is essentially the voice of the Republican Party, whose job it is to make this man look bad no matter what he does.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
This man, of course, is the president.
Since the war on Fox News failed the last time around, it is a bit perplexing that it would be resurrected. Americans can decide for themselves whether FNC is a propaganda mill. They don't need dishonest commentators to tell them that. We're here 24-7. You can see for yourself.
And the American people have. The CNN commentator you just heard gets beaten by "The Factor" about 7 to 1 in the ratings.
So blaming Fox News for the woes of the Democratic Party is another losing proposition. And like trying to demonize the Tea Party, it will backfire.
The troubling reality is that the USA is suffering economically and President Obama's leadership is being questioned. That's what's in play, and all the partisan bloviating in the world won't change that.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots

