As you may know, Attorney General Eric Holder has been leading the charge to define the War on Terror as a police action, not a military war.
"Talking Points" believes that is a tremendous mistake by the attorney general, that the military should be interrogating and trying captured terrorists, who can easily abuse the civil system and run up billions of dollars of costs to the taxpayers.
President Obama understands this issue has hurt him, and I believe has ordered Holder to pull back.
On Sunday, Holder was interviewed on NBC and cited the so-called public safety concern when talking about captured terrorists. The public safety law is a vague exception that allows authorities to question someone without Miranda rights if they believe an act of terrorism is ongoing, a "ticking time bomb" scenario.
Apparently Holder now likes the public safety exception, especially in the case of the Times Square guy Shahzad:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ERIC HOLDER, ATTORNEY GENERAL: He was given his Miranda warnings after the public safety exception questioning was finished, and he has talked to us. We want to work with Congress to come up with a way in which we make our public safety exception more flexible and, again, more consistent with the threat that we face. Yes, in fact, this is big news. This is a proposal that we're going to be making and we want to work with Congress about.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, that's an about-face for Holder, and once again, I think President Obama ordered him to do it.
So that's good news for all Americans who want their families protected by the feds.
There was also good news today in the stock market, as Greece, which is on the verge of collapse, will get bailed out by the U.S. and other countries.
As you may know, Greece is a chaotic socialistic country, and many Greeks don't care about anything other than their free entitlements, which have completely bankrupted the nation. So they riot and embarrass their country in front of the world.
But the world understands that if Greece goes under, the entire economy of Europe totters, thus a billion-dollar bailout. That makes the U.S. corporate bailout look like chump change.
The good news here is that once again socialism is proved to be a disaster, and we hope President Obama is taking notice. Entitlement societies will always fail. The USA must stop its crazy spending.
Finally, the president has nominated the former dean of the Harvard Law School, Elena Kagan, to replace John Paul Stevens on the Supreme Court. We believe this is one liberal replacing another, but we don't know just how liberal Dean Kagan is. We anticipate she will be confirmed.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Often we think comedian Will Ferrell is a nebbish, but sometimes he does good work.
Check him out at a Minor League Baseball game in Texas in the persona of Rojo Johnson:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ANNOUNCER: Rojo lies and deals (ph). He threw it behind him and now — uh-oh, threw behind him and now we've got a little bad feeling. So Rojo and — uh-oh. Actually to tell you the truth, I know who that guy is. I'd know him anywhere. And Rojo trying to — uh-oh, threw water on him!
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A beer.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Mr. Ferrell did that to raise money for Cancer for College, a charity that gives scholarships to cancer survivors. In this case, he is a patriot.
{foxGrabPlayer('4187246','','Pinheads & Patriots: 5/10');return false;}">Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
On the pinhead front, President Obama and me both agree that high-tech gizmos can hurt the country:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: With iPods and iPads and Xboxes and PlayStations, none of which I know how to work, information becomes a distraction, a diversion, a form of entertainment, rather than a tool of empowerment, rather than the means of emancipation.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
As I said, I concur with the president. Are we pinheads? You make the call.

