

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Miller Time" segment tonight: As we reported on Monday, CBS correspondent Bob Schieffer misstated the new Arizona illegal alien law in a question to Attorney General Eric Holder.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BOB SCHIEFFER, CBS NEWS: It allows the police, if they think someone might be in this country illegally, gives them the right to stop them, and they have to produce papers to show that, in fact, they are citizens.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, that is fallacious. As you may know, Arizona authorities can only question people about their nationality if they're involved in another police matter, so Mr. Schieffer misstated the situation.
Joining us now, the sage of Southern California -- he's in L.A. -- Dennis Miller. All right, Miller. So you saw Brit Hume and I kicking around about Mr. Schieffer. And Bernie Goldberg weighed in, as well, on Monday. And what say you?
Click here to watch "Miller Time"!
DENNIS MILLER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: First off, I'm glad I never see you in blue jeans, Billy. Thank you.
O'REILLY: You're welcome.
MILLER: I hope Schieffer is lying, because if he's not, he's addled or the job -- you know, he's not up to the gig anymore. And he seems like too nice a guy, so I hope he's bit of an agenda-driven zealot.
I think Bob sees that the horse might be in the barn soon. He's watching Charlie Rose. Charlie Rose dines out at these little junkets. You know, he throws more softballs than Jennie Finch at this point. And I think, you know, Schieffer might want in on it.
And I think you've got to give Stedman softballs, because this guy is a disaster, Attorney General Stedman Graham. I mean, BP ought to bring in one of those pressure valves and put it down on his pie hole, because every time he opens his mouth, he's saying something stupid. He's got bigger fish to fry right now than the Black Panthers. Stedman, he's got Arizona problems. At this point, I think most people believe he would rather send native-born Arizonians back to Mexico before he would send illegals. So it's a bit of a mess.
But I think I got a fix for this, Billy. If the New Black Panther Party is off-limits to everybody, I say we send them down to the Arizona border to keep the illegals out. And then nobody can come down on anybody. Nobody, through political correctness, will know who to yell at.
O'REILLY: That would be interesting. They have -- they have batons. They're ready to go.
Now, were you offended that Mr. Schieffer in that interview didn't even ask Stedman, as you call the attorney general of the United States because he looks like Oprah Winfrey's boyfriend, were you offended that he didn't even ask him about the Black Panthers and him, Mr. Holder, failing to prosecute? I guess Bob forgot about that or didn't even know about it. I don't know.
MILLER: Billy, I go to CBS for accurate political information like I go to the Auto Trader for a fair price on a new ride, OK? I'm not in that market anymore.
O'REILLY: All right. So it doesn't matter to you.
All right. Now, I said on this program I didn't mind the head of NASA saying that he wants to make Muslims feel good all over the world. I don't see anything wrong with that, but now the Obama administration has thrown Mr. Bolden under the bus and saying, "You're a moron for saying that." So you say what?
MILLER: I say the Muslims could care less about outer space. I think that the Muslim community will want to go to the moon the day after the Jews say that Israel is now on the moon. And that's the only time they'll want to go.
O'REILLY: So you're -- you're purporting that the Muslim community doesn't really care what happens in space.
MILLER: Only to the same extent Ralph Kramden did when he said he was going to hit his old lady and send her to the moon. I mean, they could care less about this.
And you know how I know they insinuated that to the new guy Bolden? Because that uber-doofus Gibbs denied that they inferred that to Bolden. Of course they did it. I mean, come on. At this point, you know, Gibbs is shakier than Mel Gibson at a bar mitzvah during an earthquake. I don't believe anything that comes out of his mouth.
But yes, if we want to make Islam feel good by telling them we'll share space with them, you know what's going to happen, Billy? They'll eventually blow up space. There it is.
O'REILLY: Well, I mean, I think we were -- the plan was to congratulate them for their mathematic abilities and the things that they developed in the past and just the self-esteem thing.
MILLER: Billy, I have a friend -- I have a friend who's a realtor over in that part of the world. And he works for a company called Century Four. Come on, they got to get up to speed before we start turning them on to outer space.
O'REILLY: Well, I hear there might be an Al Qaeda remake of, you know, one of those space movies.
MILLER: Yes. They're geniuses.
O'REILLY: Aliens are in burkas.
MILLER: That's why they're burying women up to their heads and hitting them with bricks, because they're geniuses.
O'REILLY: All right, Miller. I really don't have a rejoinder for that, because I would like to keep my life.
Anyway, let's go to Erskine Bowles, who -- doesn't -- didn't he go out and open for you in Vegas, Erskine Bowles, one time? Didn't I see you...
MILLER: I had a Bowles movement for a while, yes.
O'REILLY: Yes, Erskine Bowles. And Erskine says that, "Hey, you know, the country is going bankrupt, and even though I was appointed by Barack Obama, and I'm a Democrat, yes, it doesn't look real good." And you say?
MILLER: I say that if Simpson had said this, the Republican guy who's dual-helming this committee, he went in shock because he's prone to flowery language. But Erskine Bowles is an aurora borealis of grays, for God's sakes. He was Clinton's chief of staff. He's made his living biting his tongue. So for him to say this, now I am scared.
O'REILLY: Now, yes, we've got to take it seriously, because old Erskine goes out. Not only did he say we're on bankruptcy, but he actually said this country is going to destroy itself from within, which a lot of conservatives are...
MILLER: Yes, well, we got a national -- listen, I got a plan. We got a national debt of $13 trillion, I think, as of this week. Now, first up, I have to ask you, do we owe somebody that money actually? And if we do, don't pay it. There. I just solved the debt. Nobody pays up.
O'REILLY: OK. So we're going to stiff everybody. All right.
MILLER: They all stiff us. They all stiff us.
O'REILLY: OK.
MILLER: When was the last time you saw anything coming back this way?
O'REILLY: All right. So we're going to say to the Chinese, who bought all our bonds, "Blank you. We're not paying." And what do you think the unintended consequence of that is going to be, Miller?
MILLER: All I know is when you say "blank you" in Chinese, it prints north to south. Not south to -- not East to West.
O'REILLY: OK. So Miller is calling for a total stiffing of everyone who's bought a U.S. savings bond, everybody who's bought any American currency. Dennis Miller, everybody, is saying, "Tough!" Do I have it right?
MILLER: Billy, I -- I counseled my sons on this, and I told them when this comes around to their generation, I want them to owe it forward. Owe it forward.
O'REILLY: Well, it is getting to be -- the first nine months of this year, deficit of the United States, more than a trillion bucks. It's just totally out of control. I think you and the Obama administration finally agree on something, because they're saying the same thing. "Hey, we don't care. We're not going to pay it anyway." There you go.
MILLER: I'm glad…
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: There you go. Dennis Miller, everybody.


