Writing in Sunday's Washington Post, former New York Times editor Howell Raines accuses Fox News of sabotaging Obamacare and waging a jihad against the Obama administration. Raines writes:
"Why haven't America's old-school news organizations blown the whistle on [Fox News for conducting] a propaganda campaign against the Obama administration — a campaign without precedent in our modern political history? Through clever use of ... its cadre of raucous commentators, [FNC] has overturned standards of fairness and objectivity that have guided American print and broadcast journalists since World War II..."
Are you kidding me with this? Standards of fairness at The New York Times and other liberal media organizations? Come on.
Right now, liberal columnists at The New York Times outnumber conservatives 10 to one throughout the newspaper. That sounds fair, right?
Mr. Raines himself is a committed left-wing guy who surrounded himself with like-minded people in his short tenure as The Times editor.
But it is the journalism factor that is really hypocritical here.
Raines was forced to resign his position at The Times largely because of the Jayson Blair scandal, where a young reporter who benefited from affirmative action was found to be a plagiarist.
But far worse for Raines was the coverage of Iraq.
You may remember The New York Times ran a series of articles saying Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction and was dodging U.N. inspectors. Largely because of that reportage, the WMD scenario that President Bush used to invade Iraq was accepted by the mainstream media. I mean, if the liberal Times was saying it...
But now, incredibly, Howell Raines has cast himself as the keeper of the journalistic flame, writing: "It is a matter of Fox turning reality on its head with ... endless repetition of its uber-lie: 'The American people do not want health care reform.'"
Oh yeah, well who's the real liar, Mr. Raines:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BILL O'REILLY: I believe that we do need health care reform in this country. I believe there are a lot of people who can't afford health insurance, and that the insurance companies — because I have to deal with them. I'm an employer.
ANN COULTER: Right.
O'REILLY: And I have — I'm self-insured. And it's a pain in the butt to deal with them sometimes. You know, they're trying to hose you.
COULTER: Absolutely.
O'REILLY: They're sending you all of this kind of crap that they don't have to, just to give you a hard time, wear you down.
COULTER: Right.
O'REILLY: So I think most Americans want health care reform.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
"The Factor" is the signature broadcast of the Fox News Channel, and we have covered the Obamacare debate carefully and with fairness.
As far as raucous commentators are concerned, the following FNC people support Obamacare: Alan Colmes, Juan Williams, Ellis Henican, Geraldo Rivera, Kirsten Powers, Joe Trippi, Bob Beckel and Susan Estrich. And that's just a partial list.
So what's really going on here?
Well, it's simple. Howell Raines is finished. The New York Times is bleeding, and the elite media in general has lost enormous power.
Meantime, Fox News continues to rise. There you go.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
We want to thank everybody who has bid on the "Bold Fresh" tour posters.
As you may know, we are auctioning off five of them to benefit the Wounded Warrior Project, and the latest winner is Jarod Butts from Valencia, California, who bid $7,400. And I will match that bid.
Now we have one more of these left. The auction takes place over the weekend, so we hope you check it out. This item is unique, and of course there is no better charity than the Wounded Warriors.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
On the pinhead front, celebrity Jessica Simpson has announced to the world she does not brush her teeth:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JESSICA SIMPSON, SINGER: I just use Listerine. Sometimes I'll use my sweater. I do brush every now and again. But my teeth are extremely powerful. I mean, find me when I'm 60, and they'll probably be all out.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
So let me get this straight. Ms. Simpson uses her sweater to clean her teeth.
Pinhead? You make the call.

