According to a recent Rasmussen poll, 24 percent of Americans now identify with the Tea Party movement. That's up eight points in just one month.
What is driving the Tea Party is fear that President Obama is changing traditional America, that the USA is becoming France, if you want to oversimplify it.
Last week, tens of thousands of people turned out to rally against high government spending and high taxation. That is a message easy to understand, and the protests have gotten Mr. Obama's attention. He addressed them Thursday.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: In all, we've passed 25 different tax cuts last year. So I've been a little amused over the last couple of days where people have been having these rallies about taxes, taxes. You would think they would be saying thank you. That's what you'd think.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, the president's tax vision is incomplete. There's no question taxes will have to rise in America or the country is going to go bankrupt. So we have to wait and see how that will play out in 2011 after the Bush tax cuts expire.
For now, the liberal media and the left-wing establishment in general greatly fear the Tea Party movement. And so, led by NBC News, the media is trying to brand the Tea Party people as racist.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KELLY O'DONNELL, NBC NEWS: There aren't a lot of African-American men at these events.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Right.
O'DONNELL: Have you ever felt uncomfortable?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No. No. These are my people. Americans.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, the NBC News reporter Kelly O'Donnell's question was legitimate. But coming on the heels of NBC's unrelenting racial attacks on the Tea Party, the question also illuminates the left-wing media strategy.
By the way, with 95 percent of African-Americans voting for Barack Obama, you would not expect them to sign up in great numbers for the Tea Party, would you?
Going forward, the Tea Party movement will face some challenges. Will it become a legitimate third party, or will it stay as an anti-Obama protest group? Or will it expand its passion into other areas?
There is no Tea Party leader. Sarah Palin comes closest, but she doesn't want the designation. So it will be interesting to see just how the Tea Party evolves.
But for now, these folks are scaring liberal America big time.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Our pal Lou Dobbs is still mulling over whether or not to get into politics. Apparently, he told GQ magazine he may even run for president.
If he does, I'll supply his slogan: "Dobbs for Jobs." How about that? "Dobbs for Jobs," everyone.
We believe any sincere American who wants to help the country is a patriot, so Mr. Lou falls into that category.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
On the pinhead front, Congressman Anthony Weiner, who may have good intentions as well, but says some awfully dumb things.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. ANTHONY WEINER, D-N.Y.: Every single moment that we are stroking our beards and gazing at our naval and thinking about the world we'd like to be and singing "Kumbaya," that's another day that we're not punching Bill O'Reilly in the nose. I follow Twitter from the Tea Parties to (EXPLETIVE DELETED) with them.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Punching me in the nose, huh, congressman? In this case, you are a pinhead.

