


BY BILL O'REILLY

It is now clear that the WikiLeaks crew, the people who support Julian Assange in exposing secret documents, are an anti-American bunch.
After Assange was arrested in Britain on Tuesday, the hackers went to work, trying to damage financial websites like MasterCard and Visa. They call themselves cyber-anarchists and they hate capitalism. So far, authorities have made one arrest, a teenager in Holland.
Assange is the leader of the pack but says he's simply exposing world corruption. Sure, and I'm Justin Bieber.
But the most important aspect of the story is waging war on the Net. That is a coming danger to the world. As we reported, BillO'Reilly.com was attacked by a man named Mitchell Frost, a student at the University of Akron. Frost tried to bring down my website, failed, but cost us a lot of money.
Thankfully, the authorities investigated, arrested Frost and he was convicted in court. He was sentenced to 30 months in a federal prison, followed by extensive probation.
But there are thousands of Frosts all over the world, people who are willing to attack the software of perceived opponents. And since the world now runs in cyberspace, this is becoming a huge problem.
"Talking Points" has been calling for a federal cyber police force for many years, and now that must become a top priority. In the future, terrorists and anarchists will use the Net to try to destroy our way of life. Count on it.
And that's "The Memo."

Pinheads & Patriots
In the 1960s, Jim Morrison was one of the most popular rock idols in the world.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
(MUSIC: "LIGHT MY FIRE")
(END VIDEO CLIP)
All right. Morrison had a great voice, but he was also insane. He died at age 27 from an overdose of drugs in Paris.
Along the way, he was convicted in Florida of indecent exposure. And now Governor Charlie Crist has pardoned Morrison. So is the governor a pinhead or a patriot for doing that? Please vote on BillOReilly.com.
Now, last night we told you about Jane Fonda exercising on tape at age 72. Forty-two percent of you think she is a patriot for encouraging senior citizens to work out. But 58 percent say Miss Fonda is a pinhead, no matter what she does. So there you go.








