The Obama administration has been pretty much silent about the vote, perhaps because there is little good news for the Democratic machine.
The anti-Obama forces are saying that Tuesday's election was a huge defeat for the president, but that may be overstating things. So let's run it down.
In Arkansas, Sen. Blanche Lincoln will probably be the Democratic nominee. However, she's going to lose to the Republican next November unless there's a scandal or something.
In Pennsylvania, Joe Sestak beat Arlen Specter big time. But Sestak is even more liberal than Specter, so the Obama administration does not suffer there. It is possible Mr. Sestak will lose in November. The race should be competitive.
Also in Pennsylvania, Democrat Mark Critz took the late Congressman John Murtha's seat. Critz is a conservative Democrat, but he should pretty much toe the party line.
It is in Kentucky where the Obama administration suffered its biggest defeat, but the Republican Party lost as well.
Rand Paul, an eye doctor and son of Congressman Ron Paul, won in a landslide. Mr. Paul was backed by the Tea Party, and he is a shoo-in for Sen. Jim Bunning's seat next November. So you're trading one conservative Republican for a kind of libertarian Republican.
The importance of the vote Tuesday is that President Obama is no longer a force in electoral politics. He's pretty much on the sidelines now. If he shows up to support a candidate, that candidate could very well lose, as we saw in Massachusetts.
If a sitting president does not have any power to sway voters, that's big. So the Democratic Party is going to have to run on its record, and what is that? Record spending, enormous deficits and high unemployment.
Can you say uh-oh?
This is not a partisan analysis. The GOP got its butt kicked in Kentucky as well. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell backed the losing candidate, but the voters said, "Hey, Mitch, blank you. We're going for the Tea Party guy." Not good for the Republican establishment.
It's clear Americans are angry and want big change in Washington. It's also clear that the Republicans have an opportunity next November if they can put forth solutions to complicated problems.
As for the Democrats, right now it's midnight at the oasis.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
A dramatic baby rescue caught on tape. San Antonio, Texas, bus driver Mike Hubbard was cruising along shortly after midnight when he spotted a baby sitting in the middle of the road. Hubbard quickly braked and exited the bus.
The infant, named Destiny Flores, was then scooped up by her father, who didn't say a word to the bus driver. Texas authorities will make a decision soon as to whether to remove Destiny and her two sisters from the home.
Mike Hubbard is a patriot.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
On the pinhead front, rockers Carlos Santana and Elvis Costello have cancelled concerts in Israel because they don't like how Palestinians are being treated.
OK, fine, political opinion should be respected. But this is a complicated issue, and I'm not sure Carlos and Elvis are in a position to really understand the full dynamic.
Of course, we'd love to hear their viewpoints, and we'd also like to win the lottery. We have about the same odds on both situations.
The singers are pinheads.

