
By Bill O'Reilly
Here's the question: How does the far left survive in this country? That crew is so hateful, so harmful to the nation, it is amazing they have any platform at all.
If you oppose gay marriage, you're a homophobe. If you want a secure Southern border, you are anti-Hispanic. And now, if you think building a mosque two blocks away from Ground Zero is inappropriate, you are intolerant, an anti-Muslim bigot.
On Monday, NBC News led the way in branding opponents of the mosque as bad people:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BILL PRESS, LIBERAL PUNDIT: This is all about religion, and the opponents, there's only one reason, only one reason to oppose this mosque, and that is to paint Islam as an evil religion.
ANITA DUNN, FORMER WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR: Some people in the Republican Party and others are, you know, labeling all Muslims in this country to effect as terrorists.
NORAH O'DONNELL, NBC NEWS: Somebody's got to say that, you know, we're not going to act like the people who stole freedom from Americans, the people who attacked America and killed 3,000 people. We've got to let this end in terms of fighting over religion.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
So according to Ms. O'Donnell, a NBC news correspondent, not an analyst, if you object to the mosque, saying it's inappropriate, then you're acting like the Al Qaeda killers.
Can you believe this incredible nonsense coming out of NBC News? Can you believe it?
The New York Times on Tuesday framed the issue this way: "President Obama showed his understanding of the Constitution, and his respect for the American people, last week when he defended the right of a Muslim community group to build a mosque."
Hey, New York Times, what about respecting the feelings of those who lost people on 9/11? What about that?
Do you see what's happening here? The far left will never debate the merits of the issue. They simply attack and begin branding their opponents as racist, bigots and un-American.
Let's get right down to it: There are thousands of Americans who lost loved ones on 9/11. Many of these people feel a Muslim display so near the attack zone is hurtful because fanatical Muslims killed their family and friends. So where is the tolerance toward the 9/11 families? Where is the understanding and respect for their feelings?
President Obama well understands the emotions that are in play, which is why he will not comment on the so-called wisdom of building a mosque so close to Ground Zero. But the far left doesn't care about the wisdom of the project because they are promoting the fiction that America is mean to Muslims. Anything that makes U.S. policy seem oppressive is embraced by these loons.
Every poll says the majority of Americans believe this proposed mosque is simply not a good idea. Nobody I know wants to violate religious freedom. Nobody wants to persecute Muslims. Nobody wants to cause trouble. What we do want is a sane country.
Again, I don't know how the far left continues to survive in the USA.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
We have two pinheads. First, in Douglas County, Georgia, an illegal alien was taken into custody, had a stroke and was immediately rushed to the hospital. Total cost to the county: $400,000.
Now the poor man is not a pinhead, but the U.S. government is. When you allow millions of people to come into this country unsupervised, you are going to rack up billions of dollars in costs.
Second, you may remember that singer Erykah Badu pulled a publicity stunt at the site of JFK's assassination in Dallas. Ms. Badu, filming a video, took her clothes off in front of a bunch of tourists. She was given a citation, and has now paid a $500 fine and will serve six months probation.
Ms. Badu is a pinhead.

