The radical-loon Web site Daily Kos has a new poll out, but don't get too excited. Their poll in Massachusetts had the Senate race too close to call.
Apparently the leader of the Kos brigade is writing a book comparing Republicans and conservatives to the Taliban, and so this poll was designed to back up his insane point of view.
The survey says 39 percent of self-identified Republicans believe President Obama should be impeached. Sixty-three percent believe he is a socialist. Only 42 percent of GOPers think the president was actually born in the United States. And 31 percent believe he hates white people.
Now, if you believe that poll, you also believe Nancy Pelosi once dated Dick Cheney. The poll is a fraud, as is the Web site. But what is serious is the hatred that ideological Internet nuts continue to spew out there, and they have enablers on TV and radio, as we all know.
In fact, President Obama himself is very annoyed by the continuing intrusion that cable news has upon his administration. On Wednesday, he said this while addressing Democratic senators:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: If everybody here turned off your CNN, your Fox, your, you know, just turn off the TV, MSNBC, blogs, and just go talk to folks out there, instead of being in this echo chamber where the topic is constantly politics.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, "Talking Points" understands the president's pique, but when you consider that the mainstream media has been very friendly to Mr. Obama, his concern about cable TV news rings somewhat hollow. I mean, just about every major urban newspaper in America loves the president, so I don't know why he's so annoyed that there are few verbal snipers on the tube.
What Mr. Obama should be concerned about is the growing acceptance of lies by some Americans on both the left and the right. For example, by investigating the birth announcements in two Honolulu newspapers in August of 1961, "The Factor" has proven that Barack Obama was indeed born in America. It would have been impossible for anyone to get bogus birth announcements into two newspapers. And why would anyone bother unless they knew baby Barack would someday become President Barack? The birther deal is just madness.
On the left, we already told you about the crazy Kos people, but somehow folks like Arianna Huffington are now considered legitimate news sources. That's what the president should be worried about.
It is now very easy to demonize anyone in America, to slander and libel them all day long. There's no question the president has been treated unfairly in some precincts, but the garbage flows both ways, and Mr. Obama should point that out.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
In Oklahoma, a tough law against child predators has been proposed. It would give juries the death penalty option in certain heinous cases. News coverage about the situation is featuring us.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: You don't give a child rapist one year in prison in the United States of America.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Bill O'Reilly's reaction to David Earls' suspended sentence for rape last year was shared by many in and outside Oklahoma. It was also responsible in part for some of the strongest proposed legislation this session.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, the Oklahoma state rep who was going after the predators, Rex Duncan, is a patriot. And we appreciate the mention on the local news.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
On the pinhead front, ladies and gentlemen, Mel Gibson.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you think that the public will perceive you any differently after all that's been in the news about you?
MEL GIBSON, ACTOR: What are you referring to specifically?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Referring — referring to the drinking problems. Referring to what has been called the anti-Semitic rant.
GIBSON: That's — that's...
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Referring to all those things. You know what I'm talking about.
GIBSON: OK, so that's almost four years ago, dude. I mean, I've moved on. I guess you haven't. Let's move on, dude. Come on.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: "Edge of Darkness" opens today. Good to see you back in the saddle and doing what you do best. Thanks a lot for joining us, Mel. Take care.
GIBSON: Bye-bye. (EXPLETIVE DELETED)
(END VIDEO CLIP)
No need to do that, so Mr. Gibson is a pinhead.

