Once again, the far left in America is demanding an effective anti-terror program — missiles fired at the bad guys from drones — be stopped.
Notre Dame professor Mary Ellen O'Connell is leading the charge in academia, saying the drone program violates international law and that it is unlawful killing. Former Sen. Fritz Hollings says the drone action creates more terrorists than it kills, a preposterous statement. And, of course, the ACLU is suing to make public who is ordering the attacks and other information about them.
All of this, of course, helps Al Qaeda and the Taliban, enemies of the USA.
By all accounts, the drone program has been the most effective anti-terror strategy we have and has badly damaged the Al Qaeda and Taliban leadership. In fact, President Obama has dramatically increased drone attacks. There are about two a week now.
But the far left does not want the USA to defeat terrorism. New York Times columnist Roger Cohen calls the action revenge and wants the drone program stopped immediately. Mr. Cohen wants all the terrorists arrested.
What the far left has not done is call the president a war criminal, which it certainly did in the case of President Bush. No, even though Barack Obama — to his credit — is the power behind the missile attacks, the far left pulls its punches when the president's name comes up.
But all Americans should know that there are major quislings in this country, people who believe the USA is the evil force and the terrorists are just responding to that.
There is no better example of far-left nuttiness than this campaign against the drone attacks.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Before the opening baseball game in Boston, the Red Sox got a pep talk from a 5-year-old:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOSH SACCO, 5 YEAR OLD: Tonight we are the greatest baseball team in the world. You were born to be baseball players, every one of ya. And you were meant to be here tonight. This is your time. Their time is done. It's over!
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Little Josh Sacco is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, we actually complimented Jane Fonda a couple of weeks ago for promoting physical fitness. But sadly, Jane just cannot stay out of the pinhead realm:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JANE FONDA, ACTRESS: You know, when I came back from North Vietnam, there was maybe a quarter of an inch of media about it in The New York Times. Nobody made any big deal of it. It — it was created.
LARRY KING, HOST, CNN'S "LARRY KING LIVE": By?
FONDA: And some people are stuck. By — by right-wingers. And it — people — there are some people who are like stuck there. You know, they're still stuck in the past. I always want to say get a life, or, you know, read what really happened.
KING: People still yell at you?
FONDA: The myths are not true.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Let me ask you something, lady. Is the picture of you sitting on a North Vietnamese anti-aircraft gun wearing a dopey helmet a myth? Is it a myth, madam?
Believe me, pinhead doesn't come close to branding this woman.

