By Bill O'Reilly
As we told you Monday night, Department of Agriculture official Shirley Sherrod admitted that years ago she held back some government assistance from a white farmer because of his skin color.
Click here to watch "Talking Points"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SHIRLEY SHERROD, FORMER DEPT. OF AGRICULTURE OFFICIAL: I was struggling with the fact that so many black people have lost their farmland, and here I was faced with having to help a white person save their land. So I didn't give him the full force of what I could do.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
So after hearing that, I said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, that is simply unacceptable and Ms. Sherrod must resign immediately. The federal government cannot have skin color deciding any assistance.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
And that's what happened. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack fired Ms. Sherrod, but if you were watching the network news Monday night, you would know nothing about the story.
Once again, an embarrassing moment for the Obama administration was not covered, so let's run it down.
Black Panthers-Justice Department controversy: not covered by the network news.
ACORN undercover video showing employees helping criminals: not covered.
Obama green czar Van Jones forced to quit because of statements like "9/11 might have been an inside job": no coverage.
Assistant Secretary of State Michael Posner comparing the Arizona illegal alien law to Chinese human rights abuses: not covered.
Dr. Donald Berwick, the new head of Medicare and Medicaid, saying that health care should be used to redistribute wealth: no coverage by the network news.
Stunning. Journalism in America is in dire trouble.
As for Ms. Sherrod, she is not going quietly.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SHERROD: They asked me to resign. And, in fact, they harassed me as I was driving back to the state office from West Point, Georgia, yesterday. I had at least three calls telling me the White House wanted me to resign.
TONY HARRIS, CNN ANCHOR: Are you willing to name names?
SHERROD: Oh, I can tell you that was -- that was Cheryl Cook, the deputy undersecretary. She said, "Well, Shirley they want you to pull over to the side of the road and do it because you are going to be on 'Glenn Beck' tonight."
(END VIDEO CLIP)
So Ms. Sherrod quit. This afternoon she was supposed to talk with Megyn Kelly, but canceled. She also refused to talk with me Tuesday night.
In the big picture scheme, this is a small story. Every administration in history has had employees do dumb things. Ms. Sherrod made a mistake and is paying for it.
But what about the American media? Why the news blackout when things become unpleasant for the Obama administration?
The simple answer is bias. The establishment press tilts left and is reluctant to do damage to a very liberal president. I think that is absolutely true. There is no other reason to spike stories that bring millions of viewers to the Fox News Channel.
You'd think the other TV news operations would want to attract that large audience as well. Apparently, they don't.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
There's a new movie coming out called "Salt." It's a spy deal starring Angelina Jolie and Liev Schreiber. While promoting the film, both stars were asked about the recent Russian spy case.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ANGELINA JOLIE, ACTRESS: Well, the side of me that's versed in international politics thought, I hope this doesn't change our relationship with Russia, because there are so many important things that we're having to deal with when it comes to Iran and Afghanistan and nuclear proliferation.
LIEV SCHREIBER, ACTOR: I think it happened awfully quickly. I think the swap happened very, very fast, and I think that's suspect. They all agreed to it. That's suspect.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Any pinheads or patriots in there? You make the call.

