What I am about to tell you is simply amazing. China, a world-class human rights violator, is now accusing the USA of anti-human conduct, and the Obama administration is actually taking it seriously.
At a conference with Chinese officials last week, Assistant Secretary of State Michael Posner responded to charges from the Chinese that America has a human rights deficit. And in a stunning bit of stupidity, Posner himself brought up the Arizona anti-illegal alien law:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MICHAEL POSNER, ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE: We brought it up early and often. It was mentioned in the first session and as a troubling trend in our society and an indication that we have to deal with issues of discrimination, of potential discrimination. And that these are issues very much being debated in our own society.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Are you kidding me?
The Chinese, who incarcerate people for political opinion, who have brutalized the nation of Tibet, who have no protections for freedom of speech, the press or anything else, are being asked to discuss the new Arizona law? Is this "The Twilight Zone"? Why would the Obama administration even bring it up?
Predictably, the anti-Obama forces are seizing upon the president's criticism of the Arizona law to hammer him in no uncertain terms:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. STEVE KING, R-IOWA: When he had an Irish cop and a black professor, who'd he side with? And he jumped to a conclusion without having heard the facts, and he ended up having to have a beer summit. The president of the United States has got to articulate a mission, and instead he's playing race-bait games to undermine the law enforcement in the state of Arizona and across the country.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
So this is becoming a huge political issue not just in America, but worldwide.
Once again, this Chinese thing is stunning. If you sneak into China, you'll wind up in a concentration camp or with a bullet in your head, and the Obama administration is discussing Arizona with these people? Totally beyond the pale.
"Talking Points" will remind you that more than 60 percent of Americans support the Arizona law, fully realizing that the federal government will not secure the border and the state had to do something.
Later this week, President Obama will meet with the Mexican president, and the Arizona law is sure to come up there as well. We will watch that very closely.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
We kind of feel bad that we can't cover the disaster in Haiti because it's the same story every day: millions of people suffering.
But we do want to tell you that Christina Aguilera, the pop star, is doing very good work down there and not flaunting it. Ms. Aguilera is getting a lot of food to people who desperately need it. She is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, let's go to Japan, where a wedding was presided over by I-Fairy.
{foxGrabPlayer('4200235','','Pinheads & Patriots: 5/17');return false;}">Click here to watch the wacky wedding video!
Are the people involved pinheads? You make the call. And let's hope I-Fairy had nothing to do with the honeymoon.

