

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Miller Time" segment tonight: three hot topics, including why Dennis and I got the Super Bowl wrong.
Well, we begin with a very simple question. Why are some liberals so condescending? You just heard the soundbite from Eve Ensler. Here now, the sage of Southern California, Mr. Dennis Miller. All right, liberal condescension. What say you?
DENNIS MILLER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Eve Ensler is always talking out her...
O'REILLY: No, don't say it, Miller. Don't say it. She's always making a monologue. We got the joke. What's going on?
MILLER: Thank you, Bill. Thank you for tackling me there.
O'REILLY: You're welcome.
MILLER: Hey, by the way. Before we get started, could we talk about Marc Lamont Hill's tie, or is that a "don't ask, don't tell" situation?
O'REILLY: It takes a real man — a real man — to wear a pink tie like that. I have worn them on occasion. You've got to be a real man to do it.
MILLER: Let me say this about Eve Ensler. Even Leslie Marshall, this seems like a nice enough woman, she'll say that Eve Ensler opened up a dialogue about women in burkas and all of that. That was about throwing Bush a bone. He went in and croaked the pigs who were treating these women like that. They'll throw everybody a bone except Bush. He's done more for feminism than any of these people.
O'REILLY: OK, I can't argue with that. He did croak the pigs, as you so eloquently put it. But the theme tonight is why are far-left people…
MILLER: I just got off on a sidebar. They're so condescending…
O'REILLY: Why are far-left people so condescending in making their arguments? Just argue issues. You don't have to argue personalities.
MILLER: Because they think guys — they think guys like me and you and regular people are stupid. I mean, you saw Gibbs yesterday. Up to this point I was just glad to see Gibbs do that joke, because up until now all he's shown to the Tea Party is the back of his hand. Gibbs is the most rare of creatures in the world. He is the imperious doofus.
And you know something? Around halfway through this year there's going to be an in-house pollster that tells Barack he comes off as an elite and somebody is going to have to go out the door. And guess what? Gibbs might as well start examining which side of his abdomen he wants to put the seppuku sword into, because he and Rahm Emanuel are one and one A. They think we're stupid.
Meanwhile, if you kicked out the electric wire on Barack Obama's teleprompter, he would be more screwed than Burgess Meredith at the end of "The Twilight Zone" episode where he breaks his reading glasses after the atomic war and can't get to the books. I mean, they should not throw — people who live in glass intellects should not throw stones.
O'REILLY: OK. I didn't see the Burgess Meredith "Twilight Zone" episode, but...
MILLER: It's a famous one.
O'REILLY: ...but I do remember him as the Penguin in the original "Batman."
All right. Now, earlier this week we had Jim Vandehei of Politico come on the program, and I submitted to Jim that the Tea Party got two favorable mentions in the mainstream media. Two out of thousands. And Jim Vandehei would not — would not concede the point. Roll the tape.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Even a guy like Anderson Cooper, who is normally fair, disparaged the Tea Party in an obscene way.
JIM VANDEHEI, POLITICO.COM: That's correct.
O'REILLY: And had to apologize, OK? So this is bull, Jim. You're just not telling the truth here tonight. It's bull.
VANDEHEI: Are you — how is it not telling the truth? I agree that early on there was not sufficient coverage of the movement. And then there were certainly Anderson Cooper and a couple others…
O'REILLY: Not a couple. Legions.
VANDEHEI: …a couple that made the remark. But as far as covering its effect on politics, I think people are taking it seriously.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right. So what did you think about that?
MILLER: You know what? There are procrastinative narcoleptics who don't come to the party as late, as often as the mainstream press. Van Jones they got late there. They got late there with Edwards. They got late taking care of the Tea Party as a — you know, a certifiable voting electorate in this country. Let's face facts. They could call it all they want. This is what the left does. They overplay their hand. Whatever they had for Bush, all that hatred, Bush moves on. They don't have a place to put it.
So I guarantee you for around a week there, household help in the Upper West Side was just getting reamed by their bosses until they found a new place to put it, and that was in Sarah Palin. Do they hate her? I don't know what it is. But I do know this: They couldn't treat her more badly.
And what they do is they get caught out in their bad behavior. Somebody isolates it. Somebody mentions it, and immediately they go all semantic on you. That's what they're going to do to Sammon now. Sammon held up a mirror to their ugliness, and they're going to turn on him. And it gets really ugly when they turn on the guy who points out how ugly they are.
Like I've told you before, Billie, it's like you're out with a flashlight at 3 a.m., and you come upon raccoons out in the recycling bin, they're going to turn on Sammon now because he pointed out how ugly they were.
O'REILLY: Yes, but we made Sammon's case. And we — we've got his back.
All right. Now, unfortunately, Miller and I, two football fans who know the game, did predict the Indianapolis Colts would win, and the Colts lost. And they lost decisively. So, why did we get that wrong?
MILLER: Because I couldn't imagine Peyton Manning losing and, guess what now? I can't imagine Drew Brees losing. And that's the beautiful part of the game. It reminds you how great Peyton Manning is that when he threw that interception, I remember sitting there going, "That doesn't even compute." And now if it happened to Drew Brees, it wouldn't compute. Meet the new boss. It's not the same as the old boss. That's the beauty of the game. It always changes. Well, one thing I loved about the Super Bowl, Billy. You know, when it gets to the big game, you know Goodell calls the referee guys to say keep this on deep background. We cannot have this turn into an analysis of the film where guys are going into peep shows.
O'REILLY: Right, right. To keep the game moving and then — right, right.
MILLER: The game moved. It was beautiful. It reminded me of why I love football.
O'REILLY: Right. And then we had Roger Daltry and Townsend in The Who. And I was at the game, and they — I couldn't imagine how loud they were. We were in Fort Lauderdale, well, actually in North Dade, and you could hear them in Orlando. That's how loud they were.
MILLER: Well, when a guy tells me in his mid 20s he sings the lyric, "I hope I die before I get older," and then I see him with a walker at halftime at the Super Bowl when he's 70...
O'REILLY: You've got to give them credit though. Those guys, they have a lot of energy, and I give them credit. All right. Now, I think New Orleans Saints had destiny on their side, just like the Giants did a few years ago. And you don't mess with destiny.
Now, finally, Miller has been following the Iranian space launch. Miller is the only human being on earth who is following this. So I want an updated report from you.
MILLER: Well, all I know, Bill, is when a sexually repressed Islamic regime, either literally or figuratively, fires a worm into outer space, I'm happy about it because it siphons off some of that diverted, libidinal rage they're feeling. So more power to them over there, sending that worm into outer space.
O'REILLY: So somehow, Miller, you have arrived at the conclusion that the Iranian space program is connected to their libido?
MILLER: Yes, let the kids play for a while. Maybe they'll get Betamax next month. Hey, here's my Penguin impression. (SQUAWKS)
O'REILLY: Dennis Miller, everybody.


