By Bill O'Reilly
It did not end well for Gen. Stanley McChrystal, a war hero and patriot. A foolish mistake, allowing a reporter from Rolling Stone magazine into his inner circle, got him fired by his Commander-in-Chief Barack Obama.
Click here to watch "Talking Points"!
The question: Was the president right to fire the man?
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: As difficult as it is to lose Gen. McChrystal, I believe that it is the right decision for our national security. The conduct represented in the recently published article does not meet the standard that should be set by a commanding general. It undermines the civilian control of the military that is at the core of our democratic system.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
In other words, the president would look like a wimp if he kept the general on, and at this point in his presidency, Barack Obama cannot afford to look weak.
Also, he has Gen. David Petraeus in the bullpen as McChrystal's replacement, which might be an upgrade.
As you may know, things have not been going well on the battlefield, primarily because most Afghans won't fight and our guys can't fight all-out because of the civilian causality issue.
President Obama well understands he cannot afford to lose in Afghanistan. It is his war. He is fighting it his way. If the Taliban prevails, Mr. Obama will take a huge hit, and he has only one year by his own yardstick to declare victory.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: I have a responsibility to do what is -- whatever is necessary to succeed in Afghanistan and in our broader effort to disrupt, dismantle and defeat Al Qaeda. I believe that this mission demands unity of effort across our alliance and across my national security team.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
At the heart of the controversy is Rolling Stone reporter Michael Hastings portraying McChrystal and his staff as disdainful of the Obama administration. The president is not a man who embraces criticism, thus the general's fate was sealed.
And McChrystal knows most of the fault lies with him. Hastings is a far-left guy and doesn't hide it. He openly says his job is to f-word those in power. He has called Rudy Giuliani a maniac and John McCain "Captain Ahab." Why would the general allow a guy like that access to him and his staff? Amazing.
But as I said Tuesday night, I did the same thing a few years ago and I got hammered by Rolling Stone as well. The plan here was to reach an audience that knew little about Fox News. It was dumb; I was dumb. These things happen.
The whole McChrystal deal is, of course, bad for the country and bad for the military. But maybe Gen. Petraeus can save the day, as he did in Iraq.
However, the truth is there is chaos right now in America, and that is never a good thing.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Eleven-year-old Olivia Bouler, who lives in Islip, New York, is doing an extraordinary thing. Olivia is selling drawings to raise money for those who are getting hurt because of the oil spill. So far, Olivia, 11, has raised $135,000. Amazing. Olivia Bouler is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, the latest dishonest advertising game is telling people a commercial is banned.
Click here to watch the commercial!
That spot for the video game Guitar Hero is not banned. We could find no company that has it on the "no fly" list, but by saying it's banned, millions of people flock to see it on the Net, so the video game gets all that free publicity. Any time you mislead the public, you are a pinhead.

