After more than a month, that terrible oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico still has not been capped. The pollution is staggering.
President Obama has launched a full investigation, and his administration is briefing the press about measures being taken to control the situation.
But the truth is nobody knows what to do. British Petroleum can't stop the oil flow, and the U.S. government has no solution either.
The disaster is located within U.S. waters, so the president could have taken charge back on April 20 when the well blew. But the president did not do that, allowing BP to deal with the situation, and, of course, BP has not been able to solve the problem.
"Talking Points" believes the reason the president didn't move in right away is that he doesn't know how to stop the oil spill either.
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal is angry that cleanup efforts are not aggressive enough. But with all that oil spilling 24-7, cleanup measures are stopgap.
Now the issue has become political. Over the weekend, Sarah Palin said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SARAH PALIN: I don't know why the question isn't asked by the mainstream media and by others if there's any connection with the contributions made to President Obama and his administration and the support by the oil companies to the administration. If there's any connection there to President Obama taking so doggone long to get in there, to dive in there and grasp the complexity and the potential tragedy that we are seeing here in the Gulf of Mexico. Now, if — if this was President Bush, or if this were a Republican in office who hadn't received as much support even as President Obama has from BP and other oil companies, you know the mainstream media would be all over his case.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
And that's true. The media would be pounding a Republican president for being cozy with Big Oil.
But "Talking Points" does not believe President Obama cares about BP money. He has plenty of campaign money, and this disaster is hurting him. If the president knew what to do, he'd do it. But again, he doesn't know what to do.
You may remember that I did not blame President Bush for the horror of Katrina. Yes, Mr. Bush was slow in reacting in the direct aftermath of the storm. But no matter what President Bush did, the outcome would have been pretty much the same: a city destroyed, massive suffering heaped upon its citizens.
It's almost the same thing with the oil spill. The feds were slow in reacting, but the outcome, tragically, would not have been changed.
The no-spin truth: Nobody knows how to stop the damn oil.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Soccer star David Beckham did some nice work in Afghanistan. He visited British troops on the front lines, boosting morale.
Afghanistan is a tough, isolated place. It's also dangerous, even for celebrities, so we admire people like Beckham for taking the time. He's a patriot.
On the pinhead front, another brawl at a baseball game.
In Chicago, some White Sox and Angels fans went at it. Why on Earth these morons do this stuff is beyond belief. Many Americans take their kids to baseball games and should not have to endure public cursing and this kind of violent behavior. We hope these pinheads get fined big time.
Did I mention the word pinhead?


