

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "At Your Beck and Call" tonight, two hot topics: Michelle Obama on dessert, and the G-man's concerned about Black Liberation Theology. I spoke with Beck last night.
Click here to watch the segment!
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
O'REILLY: So Glenn Beck is here, and you have been talking this week on your very fine program at five in the afternoon...
GLENN BECK, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Yes.
O'REILLY: ...about Black Liberation Theology.
BECK: What did you learn?
O'REILLY: Nothing. No, I shouldn't say that. I'm being flippant.
BECK: No. And you -- and that is so unlike you, Bill.
O'REILLY: Yes.
BECK: It is.
O'REILLY: But here's my -- here's my deal on this.
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: Why should I care or anybody care about this?
BECK: Do you love the country?
O'REILLY: I do.
BECK: Good. You should care, because you have a president that is using black theology, Black Liberation Theology -- and really it doesn't matter what color it is -- in his speeches. And he's talking about his salvation is tied to a collective salvation.
O'REILLY: Explain that specifically. The overarch is this is important to you and Fox News viewers because the president of the United States has been influenced by it, right?
BECK: No, no. He specifically talks about collective salvation.
O'REILLY: That's influenced by it. OK.
BECK: Yes, that is liberation theology. That is not. There's no Christianity in...
O'REILLY: Collective salvation. That means if we all don't do the right thing, we're done.
BECK: Not exactly. Jesus died for your sins, but you have to accept his -- his atonement, and then you can be saved. And we're all saved as individuals based on your choice. Collective salvation means my salvation is tied to yours, and if -- if you won't do the right thing, then I have to force you to do the right thing.
O'REILLY: Or I'm going to go to hell.
BECK: You're going to go to hell and I'm going to go to hell.
O'REILLY: I've got to force you to do the right thing.
BECK: We are tied together.
O'REILLY: All right.
BECK: OK? So when he talks about health care, when he talks about cap-and-trade, collective salvation; it must be done. Otherwise, we're all going to go to hell. We're all going to go to hell. And he has the power.
O'REILLY: He's never said that outright.
BECK: Oh no. He has talked about collective salvation. He has talked about my salvation is tied directly to collective salvation.
O'REILLY: It's an interesting concept that you come up with. And the audience is free to believe it or not believe it. That's what makes Fox News interesting.
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: But far, far more important than this is the attack on desserts.
BECK: May I speak for all people who are overweight?
O'REILLY: No, no. I don't want -- I don't want you to speak yet. I want the first lady to define it, and then you can react.
BECK: OK.
O'REILLY: Roll the tape.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
FIRST LADY MICHELLE OBAMA: How about replacing all of that soda and those sugary drinks with water? Kids won't like it at first, trust me. But they will grow to like it. Or deciding that they don't get dessert with every meal. As I tell my kids, dessert is not a right.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Oh, it absolutely is. It comes under pursuit of happiness.
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: Dessert is a constitutional right.
BECK: Health care, definitely a right. Dessert, not a right. That's how crazy this world is. If we're going to make something a right, chocolate pudding.
O'REILLY: All right. Now, is it true that they're forming squads to come in and seize Twinkies and Devil Dogs? Is that -- have you heard that?
BECK: Look, dessert is not a right. Look what...
O'REILLY: It is. I have a right to my cupcakes and Haagen-Dazs.
BECK: No, no, we're talking about collective deserts.
O'REILLY: Collective desserts? That's desserts I share with you.
BECK: Collective desserts. See, this is a perfect example, America. She's going to save all of us by forcing all of us to give up dessert. That's what this is going to...
O'REILLY: No. What Michelle Obama wants is skinnier kids, OK? That's what she wants. And that's a good thing. Would you not say that?
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: OK.
BECK: I just don't want -- I just don't want the government health czar to tell me that my kids can have X, Y, or Z.
O'REILLY: I don't think it's gotten that far yet.
BECK: Not yet, keyword, America
O'REILLY: So the first lady gets out there and says, "Look, my kids, they want sweets." All kids want sweets all day long. And you know, you tell them sometimes they can't have a lot of sweets. I mean, they just can't.
BECK: May I say this is a speech you should have given? If your kid is fat, it's your fault, because kids don't know any better. Tell your kids, "Turn the TV off. Go run outside and play." Tell your school, "Hey, Jim, go run. No cup stacking nonsense. Go out and play dodgeball." You know what? Oh, they're going to get hit in the place. You get hit in the face with the ball.
O'REILLY: Yes, but that's the government mandating exercise. You don't want that. You don't want that government telling you…
BECK: You go to your school...
O'REILLY: Yes.
BECK: ...and you tell them. And if the federal government says -- tell the government to...
O'REILLY: The thing that -- the thing that is interesting about this is that Obama administration does want a true nanny state.
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: They want a nanny state.
BECK: Why? Why?
O'REILLY: Because they want us to be healthier.
BECK: Right. Why? They want us to be healthier because they know better. Because they know what's right, and they will -- watch this carefully -- save you. Collective salvation.
O'REILLY: I need to be saved though, Beck. I need to be saved.
BECK: I know, I know. He walks into church, and the water boils. One more thing. One more thing, real quick. One more thing.
O'REILLY: Yes.
BECK: The most Marie Antoinette I have ever seen of anything with Michelle Obama. Did you see the dress she was wearing while she went down and toured the oil spill? Did you see it?
O'REILLY: I did not.
BECK: This is good stuff. She -- she looks like -- who pulls this dress out of the closet and says, "You know what? I think I'm going to go tour the oil, because I can relate." It's a designer dress, all white, that has black splotches all over it.
O'REILLY: You don't think she was appropriately dressed for the oil spill?
BECK: I think this is an outrage. This is like...
O'REILLY: It's an outrage. A dress is an outrage?
BECK: Look at the dress!
O'REILLY: There is where -- I love you. Laura Ingraham came on here last night and said that Michelle Obama's garden -- garden -- is a left-wing plot. Now you're saying Michelle Obama's dress is an outrage. Of course you do. Of course. The garden is a left-wing plot. The dress is an outrage.
BECK: You count how many things in that garden are red. I'm just saying. It's all tomatoes and...
O'REILLY: Can I not have a carrot? Come on. All right. Glenn Beck, everybody.


