
BY BILL O'REILLY
Whoever leaked all those State Department documents to the WikiLeaks website is a traitor and should be executed or put in prison for life. As you may know, classified information is now floating around the globe, courtesy of the traitors and this despicable website which is based in Sweden.
The guy who runs the website is a sleazeball named Julian Assange, who is bent on damaging America. Since he's not a U.S. citizen, it's hard for American authorities to move against him. But we can prosecute those who leak the documents to Assange, an Australian.
Credibly, President Obama did not speak about the situation today. Instead, he outlined some plans to cut spending. Why the president has remained silent on the WikiLeaks situation is very perplexing.
There's no question that leaking secret documents harms the country even if most of it is predictable like Saudi Arabia wanting the USA to bomb Iran, Yemen helping us kill al Qaeda in that country, and various heads of state being insulted by various people.
But the fact that the USA cannot keep its secrets secret anymore badly damages our intelligence gathering going forward. In this Internet age, some people are simply stealing documents using cyberspace. No country is safe from that kind of exposure.
Private First Class Bradley Manning already under a military arrest for leaking sensitive documents. Manning worked as army intelligence analyst and was picked up a few months ago after the first WikiLeaks exposure. If guilty, Manning is a traitor and should be given life and hard labor in a military prison.
Every American should be outraged by this situation. And once again, the president is not extending any sense of urgency to the public about it. It's amazing why doesn't Mr. Obama just express some outrage? Why is he ignoring it?
We live in a dangerous world. We must have secure plans to protect ourselves. But right now, we don't.
The whole thing is embarrassing and ultra, ultra disturbing. That's "The Memo."
Coming up, Bernie Goldberg will analyze the press covering the WikiLeaks situation.
But, first, our lead story tonight, what can the Obama administration do legally to stop WikiLeaks?
Here now attorney and Fox News anchor, Megyn Kelly.
All right, the guy is an Australian, Assange. They've already tried to get him through some rape thing in Sweden, right?
MEGYN KELLY, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Right.
O'REILLY: They tried to get him that way.
KELLY: Separate and unrelated to this. They say he actually raped and sexually assaulted a woman over there and possibly two.
O'REILLY: But wasn't that interesting that didn't come up until the first exposure on his website. As soon as he did that --
KELLY: And he denies it.
O'REILLY: Yes, I don't care what he denies or anything like that. They are trying to get him. They being the international intelligence community are trying to get him. But legally speaking, the United States options against this man are very limited.
KELLY: They are pretty limited. Yes. We can't go after him for treason because he is not a United States citizen, owes no allegiance to the U.S.
But I believe we can go after him for espionage. That statute is very broadly drafted. You basically have to gather, transmit, or receive defense information and have reason to believe that that information will be used to hurt America or help foreign countries. You got him.
O'REILLY: So, Holder could draft an indictment, right?
KELLY: Right.
O'REILLY: Then he could -- I don't know whether this guy lives in Australia --
KELLY: Well, now, you are running into the problem. How do we --
O'REILLY: Well, let's take one step at a time. Holder came out today and was outraged. You heard Hillary Clinton on top of the show. I thought it was a recording with Mrs. Clinton -- and with all due respect to her.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: Yes, it was about as emotionless as you can get.
KELLY: But she tried to downplay it, I think.
O'REILLY: Well, that's what I don't get. Why are they downplaying it?
KELLY: All I can guess is that -- Dana Perino was "Fox & Friends" this morning, suggesting that maybe they should be tight-lipped about it because you don't want to make it into a bigger deal or give it more credence.
O'REILLY: You make it into a bigger deal -- it's out front page of every newspaper in the world.
KELLY: Well, you don't want to have to act panicked and have --
O'REILLY: Well, you don't have to act panicked. You can act tough and say, if we catch you, we're going to hang you or whatever.
KELLY: Yes. Well, we heard some of that from Holder. You know, we're going to go after these guys wherever they are.
O'REILLY: Not really. We're going to go after them and this is outrage. This is a recording. There is no genuine passion being shown by the administration.
But let's get back to what Holder can do. So, they issue an indictment, all right? A grand jury, a federal grand jury. They present evidence to the grand jury. The grand jury issues an indictment against Assange. So, he lives in Australia or Sweden or wherever he is.
KELLY: We don't know where he is right now. So, how are you going to serve it? How are you going to effectuate the warrant?
O'REILLY: Our intelligence communities will find him.
KELLY: So far, so bad.
O'REILLY: Well, I believe they will. They'll find him. And then they ask the government where he's living, wherever he is living. And once he goes to Tora Bora with our friend Osama, OK?
KELLY: Right. To extradite him here.
O'REILLY: To extradite him here. That's the way to do it.
KELLY: Well, I think that's right, because what we could do in that instance if we got our hands on him and arrested him wherever he may be, is we would exert our political pressure on that country to --
O'REILLY: Absolutely.
KELLY: -- to send him back to the United States.
O'REILLY: Right.
KELLY: But, you know, you don't know what the policies are going to be. It's presumably since it's not a death penalty charge, there wouldn't be a huge issue in sending him to the United States. But it's going to be a tough thing to track the guy down and then --
O'REILLY: But let's let that play out. I mean, I want the process --
KELLY: Well, I think they are. They are. For the first time, it sounds like they are.
Listen, Julian Assange has not been a mystery to our government. He - - as of August --
O'REILLY: Well, why wasn't he indicted the last time?
KELLY: Well, they have been looking at it.
O'REILLY: Oh, they're looking at it. See, this is what bothers me. I'm not being partisan here and I want everybody to understand it. And you tell me if you think I'm being partisan, OK?
I'm just talking as an American. The guy does it in the spring, all right?
KELLY: Right.
O'REILLY: OK. What you're saying is they could have convened a grand jury then, presented their evidence, got an indictment, all right? Then, they don't do it. Then he does it again now at a much bigger level.
KELLY: Yes.
O'REILLY: All right? Embarrassing the country because going forward, who is going to trust the United States State Department?
KELLY: That's the problem.
O'REILLY: No one.
KELLY: That's exactly the problem.
O'REILLY: Because whatever they say, it's going to find itself on a website.
(CROSSTALK)
KELLY: Wind up on the front page of the "New York Times."
O'REILLY: OK. So, Holder once again, doesn't do his job, in my opinion.
KELLY: Well, what they say, and listen, I don't -- we don't know all the back channels, but what I read online is that they have been working with foreign governments to try to find this guy. Sweden is one that named him --
O'REILLY: So, they don't know where he is.
KELLY: -- trying to put some pressure. No.
O'REILLY: I can't believe my pal Leon Panetta, the head of the CIA, can't find him.
KELLY: He's very well-protected. He's very well-protected.
O'REILLY: I can't -- I can't just believe they can't find him.
All right. Maybe I'm wrong.
Now, the guy who allegedly leaked the first one, Manning --
KELLY: Yes, Manning.
O'REILLY: -- he is in deep, deep trouble.
KELLY: I think he is in trouble.
O'REILLY: But I'll submit to you it's not just him. There's got to be other people leaking this stuff.
KELLY: I don't know, honestly.
O'REILLY: They would have done it before.
KELLY: Possibly. But he is the one who is bragging online reportedly about how easy it was, about how he went into work with a Lady Gaga CD, erased it, and then downloaded all of this confidential --
O'REILLY: Sure.
KELLY: -- and talking about how easy it was. And how when Hillary Clinton found out, she was going to have a heart attack about the number of confidential documents that he got.
O'REILLY: He's got to be more to it because they picked him up early.
KELLY: You would like to believe -- yes, but the leaks that --
O'REILLY: No, I'd like to believe it was just Manning.
KELLY: No, but the leaks that came out in these documents date back to I think February is the most recent. And so, it could have been tied to this guy. I don't know how many people are involved. But this guy Manning has not been charged with espionage. He can and should be. I read the definition.
O'REILLY: Right.
KELLY: What he has done falls within that definition.
O'REILLY: Well, he is a traitor. I mean, they should charge him with treason.
KELLY: Well, treason is a tougher charge. He is a U.S. citizen so he's got that, but you have to levy war against the U.S. The courts have said it needs to be physical war or you have to --
O'REILLY: There is physical.
KELLY: -- a huge war enemy giving aid and comfort. It's interpreted very narrowly. Only 20 -- less than 20 treason convictions in this nation's history.
O'REILLY: All right. So, you say it's better to do espionage, easier convictions.
KELLY: So, go after him on espionage which I think they are afraid to do because that statute is written very broadly. It might be found unconstitutional.
O'REILLY: Well, they've got to do something, all right? They got to do something, and today, President Obama didn't say anything which was stunning to me.
Kelly, thank you very much. We appreciate it.
KELLY: You bet.

PINHEADS & PATRIOTS


"Pinheads & Patriots," TV edition. CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer apparently trying to expand his audience, associating with Doug E. Fresh.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
(MUSIC)
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Kind of looked like one of those zombie movies. So, is ol' Wolf a pinhead or a patriot for that exposition? Please vote on BillOReilly.com.
And when we last left "P&P," we asked you about the royal wedding between Prince William and Kate Middleton. What about people who are obsessed with that? Seventy-one percent say those obsessed are pinheads; 29 percent believe they are patriotic.









