As we reported Wednesday, Mexican President Calderon does not like Arizona cracking down on illegal aliens, and there are a few valid reasons for his point of view.
No one group wants to be singled out for scrutiny, and certainly the focus will be on Mexicans under the new Arizona law.
But in a new Fox News/Opinion Dynamics Poll, 84 percent of Americans, including 75 percent of Democrats, favor the police asking for nationality status if they have reasonable cause to suspect someone is in this country illegally. Eighty-four percent, that's an astounding plurality, and one Calderon should respect.
Also, President Calderon needs the money illegal aliens send back to his country, an estimated $1 billion in cash a year.
So Calderon has an agenda. Here's what he said on Thursday in front of Congress:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
FELIPE CALDERON, PRESIDENT OF MEXICO: My government does not favor the breaking of the rules. I fully respect the right of any country to enact and enforce its own laws. I strongly disagree with the recently adopted law in Arizona.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, that's somewhat infuriating.
First of all, if President Calderon really respects the territorial integrity of America and our right to make our own laws, he would seal his side of the border, but he won't.
Second, the Democrats who applauded Mr. Calderon are generally opposed to strict border enforcement. In fact, they have no solution to control rampant illegal immigration. None.
Many believe the Democratic Party wants the votes that new citizens can provide. Therefore, the Dems favor amnesty and a continuation of the border intrusion. That might be unfair, but the perception is there in some quarters.
But again, the Democratic Party really has no solution to the immigration mess other than amnesty and the status quo.
Clearly the American people depart from the Democrats on the issue. All the polls say that.
As for President Calderon, he did himself no good with the American public by condemning the Arizona law. I mean, I like the guy because of his tough stance against the drug cartels. But on the border issue, he's a phony, and that's the truth.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
It is not easy being in the public eye, especially when you are the White House director of protocol.
On Wednesday at the Obama-Calderon state dinner, Capricia Marshall took a spill. Everybody saw it, but she remained composed, so she is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, actor Nicolas Cage is a bit of an eccentric, and according to the London Sun, he selects his food based on sex.
Old Nic says he will not eat pork because pigs are a bit sloppy in the sex arena, but he will eat fish and fowl because they are neater about it.
Is Mr. Cage a pinhead for his diet analysis? You make the call.

