You may remember my book "Culture Warrior," the one before "Bold Fresh." In that book, I said that secular progressives want to change our traditional Judeo-Christian heritage. SPs believe it is oppressive and unfair.
"Culture Warrior" was a No. 1 New York Times bestseller, and I think I made a persuasive case that the SP movement wants dramatic change that would directly affect you.
Of course, that was years before the rise of Barack Obama. In "Culture Warrior," I used a fictional president named Gloria Hernandez, who many people feel resembles Mr. Obama. But obviously when writing the book, I had no idea about President Obama or what would unfold in America.
Now Newt Gingrich has a new book out called "To Save America," in which he says that secular socialists are trying to alter the country, and if they are successful, Mr. Gingrich believes the United States will be damaged forever.
So let's take a look at the secular socialist deal.
There is no question that the Obama administration has expanded the power of the federal government. Just the health care law alone accomplished that. On Thursday, the feds passed a law that provides strict oversight to the financial industry. "Talking Points" believes the feds have to watch Wall Street, but this is obviously another expansion of federal power.
But what about the socialist banner?
Well, millions of Americans believe that President Obama wants the government to control the free marketplace, at least to some extent. Thus the president has been labeled a socialist in some precincts. We have not done that here because the description is too simplistic for what is really going on.
What troubles me is that we are seeing very far-left people working in the Obama administration. The latest is Assistant Secretary of State Michael Posner, whose remarks about the new Arizona law to the Chinese have caused a bit of controversy. Posner does not like the Arizona law, feeling it may cause discrimination, and he admits he brought the law up to the Chinese "early and often." So far Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has been silent on the matter.
But one look at Posner's resume shows you he is an ideologue. I mean, the guy founded a group called Human Rights First, which is largely funded by George Soros. Come on. Soros is the biggest open border guy in the country, so what is Posner doing in the State Department?
That kind of situation gives credence to people who say the president is lining up a bunch of far-left loons in order to change the country.
Again, that might not be true, but the debate is raging.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
I went to a concert by Taylor Swift the other day, and also got to meet her backstage with my bodyguards, two very nice young girls from Long Island. I have to say Taylor Swift was very, very nice to everybody she met. She went out of her way to make everyone happy. I was very impressed. Miss Swift is a patriot.
{foxGrabPlayer('4208065','','Pinheads & Patriots: 5/21');return false;}">Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
On the pinhead front, hurricane season is coming up, and we have in this country the best predictors:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Doctor Hans Simian, what's your prediction?
(MONKEY SCREECHES)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Dr. Hans Simian used the most rigorous, time-tested, reliable methodology in providing you with this forecast.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No. 6. Call six. No. 6.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Every precaution has been made to ensure the highest level of professionalism and accuracy, so you can depend on it. Which is the better forecast: NOAA's or Dr. Hans Simian's? We'll find out at the end of hurricane season.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Somebody could be a pinhead here.

