First off, we have been correct in our analysis of the health care controversy on all the major points.
You may remember I told Karl Rove early on there would be no public option. We also said that the "deem and pass" ruse would not be used because it would reflect badly on President Obama. Finally, last week we predicted the bill would pass, and it did Sunday night.
Now let's go forward.
There will be legal challenges to Obamacare. Specifically, it could be unconstitutional to force any American to buy health insurance. It's as simple as that.
Also, I believe many Americans will hold a grudge over Obamacare, and the big reason for that is all the backroom deals.
President Obama was elected largely because he promised to bring a new style of leadership to Washington. Yet in the Obamacare process, there were a number of outright bribes.
For example, the state of Louisiana gets $300 million more in Medicare subsidies.
The states of Nevada, Montana, Wyoming, North Dakota and Utah will also get more Medicare money — $2 billion more.
Vermont will get $600 million in added Medicaid payments. Massachusetts, almost as much.
Connecticut will get $100 million to build a hospital.
And finally, 11 states will get an extra $8.5 billion in Medicaid simply because their representatives supported Obamacare.
With the country now owing $14 trillion, alert Americans understand that all the bribes will put the country in even more danger financially.
So let me ask you a simple question: Is this change we can believe in?
The Democratic response is it's always been this way in Washington, deals have been made since the Continental Congress, and that's true.
But the real deal is that President Obama and his party believe the end justifies the means.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: Today's vote answers the prayers of every American who has hoped deeply for something to be done about a health care system that works for insurance companies, but not for ordinary people.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Mr. Obama sincerely believes that he did what he had to do to pass a health care law that will help most Americans. The president absolutely is convinced of that.
But reality might prove him wrong. Certainly the Obamacare process has damaged the Democratic Party. There's no doubt about that.
And if Obamacare goes out of control, which it well might, the country will suffer grievous harm. That is the drum that Republicans are pounding.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. JOHN MCCAIN, R-ARIZ.: Outside the Beltway, the American people are very angry. And they don't like it, and they're going to — and we're going to try to repeal this. And we are going to have a very spirited campaign coming up between now and November, and there will be a very heavy price to pay for it.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
We'll see.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Jane Fonda is back on the fitness kick. You may remember the actress made millions with workout tapes.
Well now Ms. Fonda is promoting World Fitness Day and says she will work out with 3,000 people in Atlanta, Georgia.
Now I, your humble correspondent, may have to join that group just to annoy Ms. Fonda, who in this case may be a patriot for shaping folks up — in this case.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
On the pinhead front, Donald Trump's "Celebrity Apprentice" program is back on the air, and our favorite moment so far is this one with Rod Blagojevich:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I was named after you.
ROD BLAGOJEVICH, FORMER GOVERNOR OF ILLINOIS: And your name is?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Dana. But in Albanian, you say it "Donna." So my mom always called me "Don."
BLAGOJEVICH: How is that named after me?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's true. It is true.
BLAGOJEVICH: My name's not Donny. Who did you think — who did you think I was? Who did you think I was?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Donny Osmond.
BLAGOJEVICH: Donny Osmond? No, it's Rod Blagojevich. I used to be the governor of Illinois. Hi.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
We're not quite sure who the pinhead is there, but we know someone is.

