


BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Culture Warriors" segment tonight: Provocative cover story in Newsweek magazine: "Man Up! The Traditional Male Is an Endangered Species." The magazine also saying it is time to rethink masculinity. I don't know about you, but I am very frightened.
Here now, the "Culture Warriors," Fox News analyst Margaret Hoover, and from Stanford, Connecticut, "Fox & Friends" co-anchor Gretchen Carlson. All right, Carlson, is it all over for men? We don't really need men anymore. I mean, you heard Jennifer Aniston. Come on.
GRETCHEN CARLSON, CO-ANCHOR, "FOX & FRIENDS": Oh, well, I hope it's not all over for men. Come on, I love men. No, listen, Newsweek has to get people to buy their magazine right now, so they are doing the most provocative headlines that they can find.
O'REILLY: Right.
CARLSON: All right? But the summary of this article is actually kind of interesting. One of the points that they make is that women have evolved in the last couple of decades, and the role of women in society has changed. But for the most part, the role of a man has not. I think that's profound and worth thinking about.
O'REILLY: Well, the role of a man though -- let's be honest here -- Carlson, is to watch football, drink a few beers, go to work, make some money, and stay out of the way at home. That's the role of the man. I mean, it's been that way since the cavemen.
CARLSON: I like the first couple things for myself. No, but by the way, here is their summary. They say that if men actually embraced parental leave, took advantage of paternity. If they...
O'REILLY: If we were all Swedish, we would be great.
CARLSON: Well, I know. They point to Sweden as that. But also they say that it would help women in society because women would get off that mommy track thing so that eventually it would make it more equal.
O'REILLY: I guess. Hoover, I'm not -- you know, hunter-gatherers and the nurturer.
MARGARET HOOVER, FOX NEWS ANALYST: Are you uncomfortable with the changing role of genders in our society?
O'REILLY: Yes, yes, I am.
HOOVER: Women in the workplace. Women not in the home.
O'REILLY: To be quite honest, I am uncomfortable with it. I like...
CARLSON: That's why he hires you and me.
O'REILLY: Guys and gals.
HOOVER: So you're saying you're a little, like...
O'REILLY: Simple man.
HOOVER: ...good old...
O'REILLY: I don't want to really be confused like that.

HOOVER: Really?
O'REILLY: Yes. I -- reading this article, I get a massive headache. I'm supposed to move to Sweden and take six months off if I have a kid. I guess that's what they want me to do.
CARLSON: That's the extreme.
HOOVER: This article is for men who are comfortable with their masculinity, who don't think it is a threat that women are suddenly...
O'REILLY: What do you think, I'm one of the Village People here? Is that who you're talking to? Come on.
HOOVER: I think that you're a macho guy, Bill, clearly.
O'REILLY: Clearly, of course.
HOOVER: However, I do think that there is, in our changing society, still...
O'REILLY: Changing? Do I have to change, Hoover?
HOOVER: No.
O'REILLY: Do I have to?
HOOVER: You know what, Bill? You can just stay in your dark corner.
O'REILLY: I'm an anachronism. Leave me alone.
CARLSON: Bill, Bill, let me ask you this. Did you change any diapers?
O'REILLY: Yes, of course I did.
CARLSON: Well, so then you manned up. You manned up.
O'REILLY: I don't consider that a man-up thing.
CARLSON: Well, if you do it every once in a while.
O'REILLY: If the kid is pooping and the -- it's getting a little aromatic, I'm changing it.
HOOVER: You're changing...
CARLSON: This is a scary stat, Margaret. I want to make sure because eventually you will probably have kids, too. For the families where the mother and the father both work...
O'REILLY: Yes.
CARLSON: ...OK? The woman still does, according to this article, the load of the domestic responsibilities and spends 400 percent more time with the children.
O'REILLY: All right. Look, I agree in equal distribution of all of that, OK? I don't want any women to be overworked. I want them all to be happy. But just leave me alone, ladies. Please just leave me alone.
All right. I've got to go on to the number one. Now, we have a high school student, right?
HOOVER: Yes.
O'REILLY: Suspended because she has a stud in her nose. But she says you can't suspend me because I belong to a church of the -- what? -- body modification?
HOOVER: The Church of Body Modification. No, this is not a joke. This is actually...
O'REILLY: Not a joke?
HOOVER: They actually -- she actually is saying this is infringing upon her First Amendment rights.
O'REILLY: Because she's in the Church of Body Modification.
HOOVER: Yes, and if you go to the website of the Church of Body Modification, what you'll see -- what they determined body modification includes is hooking. Do you know what hooking is? It actually has some very visual -- I would caution people who are at home -- hanging by hooks from, you know, letting the gravity pull their bodies down. Very graphic and very disturbed stuff going on here.
O'REILLY: Where is this church?
HOOVER: The church there looks to be, from the website, that there's a location in California, a location in New York and a location in North Carolina, but it doesn't look like there is a very broad congregation.
O'REILLY: OK. So it's one of these nutty Internet churches, Carlson.
HOOVER: It's not Internet.
O'REILLY: And we can't find out, and this teed me off, because all day we called the IRS and said, "Does this get an exemption? Is this a legitimate church? Yes or no." Wouldn't tell us. I don't like that. I'm paying the salaries of the IRS.
CARLSON: Exactly. And nobody can find out whether or not they are, in fact, a religion.
O'REILLY: Is this a church or what?
CARLSON: This is the point, Bill. Here's the point. This is what schools across the country are dealing with now. Instead of just taking the nose ring out and going to school and concentrating on education, now this family will probably end up suing the school, and our taxpayer dollars will end up paying for that instead of the teachers concentrating on education. This is the junk they have to face now. It drives me crazy. Sorry.
O'REILLY: I think it's a ruse, too. Would you say it's a ruse?
HOOVER: Yes. I mean, these are people who have, if you look at this website, pretty serious issues that they are working through, and under the guise of religion they're trying to get out.
O'REILLY: What if they come in -- yes, what if they come in with a tattoo on the forehead of a swastika? Is that OK because they're in the Church of Body Modification?
HOOVER: And freedom of speech.

O'REILLY: Bull, all right? You IRS people, you should have cooperated with us today. That was not right. We're paying your salaries. We just want to know whether they get a tax exemption or not, this church. If it doesn't, it's not a legitimate church. Ladies, thanks very much.


