

BY BILL O'REILLY

It seems every day, the far left has a new excuse for supporting the proposed mosque near Ground Zero. The latest comes from Adam Clayton Powell IV, who is running against beleaguered Congressman Charles Rangel.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ADAM CLAYTON POWELL, IV, NEW YORK CONGRESSIONAL DENOCRATIC CANDIDATE: The fact that this is akin to the racial profiling that's taken place at airports for Muslims, they're just trying to worship their religion much like Christians do, Jewish community does. If it was a synagogue or church, nobody would be complaining.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
That's right, Mr. Powell. Nobody would be complaining because Christians and Jews weren't involved in the 9/11 attack. Radical Muslims were. And you may remember the Muslim world largely did not condemn the al Qaeda action, while most Christians and Jews did.
Now, the man behind the proposed mosque is Imam Faisal Abdul Rauf, who has been portrayed in the press as a moderate Muslim. But on September 30th, 2001, just 19 days after the 9/11 attacks, the late Ed Bradley interviewed the imam on "60 Minutes."
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE, "60 MINUTES")
ED BRADLEY: Are you in any way suggesting that we in the United States deserve what happened?
FAISAL ABDUL RAUF, IMAM: I wouldn't say that the United States deserved what happened, but the United States policies were an accessory to the crime that happened.
BRADLEY: Are you saying that we're an accessory?
RAUF: Yes.
BRADLEY: How?
RAUF: Because we have been an accessory to a lot of innocent lives dying in the world. In fact, in the most direct sense, Osama bin Laden is made in the USA.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
Now, the fact that a Muslim cleric believes the U.S. has been an accessory to intentionally taking innocent lives is very disturbing. That is an anti-American point of view. So let's stop the nonsense about Imam Rauf. He is no friend to America.
Another strong point about the controversy was made by Fox News strategic analyst Ralph Peters, who wrote this. "This Ground Zero mosque complex would be a symbol, not in reconciliation and tolerance, but of the greatest triumph of violent jihad in three centuries, 9/11. This mega mosque complex will be interpreted by hard-line fanatics as a monument to their 9/11 victory."
Now to be fair, most Muslims are not crazy fanatics, and would not see the proposed mosque as any kind of victory. But as Colonel Peters states, the hard-liners would. So the bottom line remains. There's no reason why this mosque should be built at this site. There's no Muslim population nearby! And many 9/11 families object. But somehow, the Democratic leadership doesn't get that. And now, Speaker Nancy Pelosi is calling for an investigation of who is opposing the mosque.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. NANCY PELOSI, D-CALIF.: There is no question that there is a concerted effort to make this a political issue by some. And I join the -- those who have called for looking into how is this opposition to the mosque being funded? How is this thing ginned up?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, Fox News pays me. So you can save the taxpayer a lot of money, you want to investigate. That's who pays me. I'm opposed to it.
Well, a short time after Ms. Pelosi said that, the Speaker issued another statement saying she'd like to know who's funding the mosque as well. Swell. And Democrats wonder why their poll numbers are catastrophic? And that's "The Memo."

PINHEADS & PATRIOTS


Teen queen Demi Lovato is starring in a new camp rock movie along with the Jonas Brothers. But it is Miss Lovato's work against bullying that sets her apart.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DEMI LOVATO, ACTRESS: When I was younger, I went through bullying. So it's a topic that's very sensitive to me that I can relate to a lot. And there's so many kids nowadays. I'm sure you guys have seen it all over the news. You know, you hear about as young as 9-year-olds taking their own lives from what they deal with at school.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, if you want to get involved with Demi's cause, the website is TeensAgainstBullying.org. The 18-year-old Miss Lovato is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, one of my favorite baseball teams is the Savannah Sand Gnats, the Class A farm team for the New York Mets. The Gnats love fiery promotions, and the other night, a fan lighted a guy on fire, who then ran around the bases.
Ted Batchelor, a stuntman, holds the world's record for full-body fire burn without oxygen.
There's Ted. And you can decide if he is just plain crazy or a pinhead, scorched pinhead.


