On Sunday, presidential spokesman Robert Gibbs said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ROBERT GIBBS, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We'll have the votes when the House votes, I think within the next week. And I think whoever sits here this time next week, you all will be talking about health care reform not as a presidential proposal, but as something that will soon be the law of the land.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
But is that true? Certainly Mr. Gibbs thinks so, but others disagree.
The Hill newspaper says the vote now is 212 for, 219 against. But the publication also says things are fluid, votes may change.
The Fox News Channel puts the tally at 211 for, 220 against. Again, FNC is reporting that votes could sway, as deals are being offered.
The problem right now for President Obama is that some Democrats object to federal dollars paying for abortions. Congressman Bart Stupak from Michigan told the National Review: "[The arguments] are a pretty sad commentary on the state of the Democratic Party. If you pass the Stupak amendment, more children will be born, and therefore it will cost us millions more. Money is their hang-up. Is this how we now value life in America?"
So in addition to the expense of Obamacare, estimated to be in the trillions, we now have taxpayer money linked up with the termination of a fetus, obviously an explosive issue.
To be fair, President Obama says no federal money will be used to fund abortions, but obviously some Democrats are not buying that. So you can see the vote is still too close to call.
But the folks have apparently made their decision.
A new Rasmussen poll of likely voters says 53 percent now oppose Obamacare, while 43 percent support it. The rest don't know. And that popular sentiment may sabotage Obamacare in the end.
This is one dramatic cliffhanger, but no matter what happens, it looks like the president will lose. If Obamacare goes down, he's embarrassed. If it passes, many voters will be angry, and the November election is less than eight months away.
After much reflection, "Talking Points" would not vote for Obamacare, mainly because the country cannot afford it. Also, increased competition and strict federal oversight on insurance companies might be able to control health care costs without the huge government intrusion.
In addition, it is grossly unfair to require American taxpayers to fund abortion if they believe it is wrong. If the Democrats would strip the abortion issue out of the bill, Obamacare would likely pass.
All this week, "The Factor" will keep you apprised of this very tense and important situation, and we will do so in a fair and balanced way.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
We wrap up our auction for the Wounded Warrior Project.
The last "Bold Fresh" poster autographed by Glenn Beck and myself sold for $6,500. Steve Brooks from Miami, Florida, bought it, so he is a patriot.
That makes $34,000 the posters raised, and I will match it for a grand total of $68,000 going to help the Wounded Warriors. Thanks to all of you who participated.
On the pinhead front, a controversial movie called the "Green Zone" starring Matt Damon opened at the box office this weekend. It did not do well. I did not see the film, but many reviewers liked it.
However, some folks believe the movie is anti-American, exploiting the situation in Iraq in a not fair and balanced way.
I can't make the call, but there may be some pinhead stuff involved.

