

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Miller Time" segment: Of course the sage of southern California took many, many notes on "The View" controversy and joins us now from Los Angeles.
You know, Miller, I am a brave guy. You know that. I go on "The View" unarmed, and I allow you to say whatever you want to say about my trials and tribulations. Go.
DENNIS MILLER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, first off, I must say, you've never encouraged me to be anything but candid in the two years I've known you. Nobody has ever given me a marching order. Nobody's ever stipulated what I say.
Now I should qualify this by telling you I don't watch "The View." I quit watching "The View" when they got rid of Debbie Matenopoulos. That was the day the music died for me, because I thought -- I thought the eclectic rapier nature of the discourse all shot through her. And after they got rid of Matenopoulos, it became less Gertrude Stein and more Andy Stern. So I did not see the show, but I have seen the clip since. And go ahead, query away.
O'REILLY: Well, did you see the whole thing though, or just the clips?
MILLER: I saw the clips. I just -- I don't watch the show, Billy. Let me say this.
O'REILLY: That's an important distinction. And I write in my newspaper column about it, which will be released very shortly on BillOReilly.com and show up in the New York Post and other fine papers across the country tomorrow and the weekend.
This all was ignited by President Obama and talking about my book "Pinheads and Patriots," I was putting forth that the president had separated himself from many Americans by his activities in response to the mosque at Ground Zero. That's what lit the fuse. I didn’t go on there to denigrate Muslims or anyone else. I was trying to explain that point, and then it hit the nerve with Goldberg and Behar saying, "How dare you, O'Reilly, say that we were attacked by Muslims on 9/11. You've got to qualify it." You know, that's politically correct. But I'm not politically correct and neither are you. So that’s why I wanted to get your opinion on it.
MILLER: Well let me say this: I may be getting old and curmudgeonly but I haven’t seen choreography that stiff since Tom DeLay was on "Dancing With the Stars." I'll be honest with you. I view you as a well-raised Levittown kid, and I think you ascribe emeritus status, or at least matriarchal status, to some degree to Barbara Walters. I can see that you have certain people that you don't want to alienate, because then you feel you've gone too far in your head. I have it, too, with Lanny Davis, Ed Begley Jr. Nice people who I don't agree with. But if I ever find myself fighting them, I get queasy about it.
But I have to tell you this. In all candor, when I find myself starting apologies with the word "if," I bail out of the apology, because I know I'm not doing it for the right reason. I'm doing it to assuage some bad feelings I have inside about the rancor I've caused. When I'm wrong I step up and start it with, "I'm sorry." When I find myself saying...
O'REILLY: But I'm not sorry, and I wasn't wrong. You know, when -- my apology was made very specifically to say if -- and I know you don't like that word but I certainly have to use it -- if someone, anyone, thought I demeaned an entire religion, I'm sorry about that because that wasn't my intent. And I was very specific about that.
But what I said was absolutely true. Muslims killed us. There is a big Muslim problem in this world, and you know that better than anybody else, Miller. You know there's a big Muslim problem in the world.
MILLER: Billy, have we got to -- have we gotten to the point though where the discourse is so insipid that we have to stipulate we don't believe all 1.5 billion Muslims are...
O'REILLY: That's exactly what we have to do, and that's where I disagree with Barbara Walters, who I think handled herself with dignity.

MILLER: I can't play. I can't play. I cannot participate in that dance macabre anymore. I'm sorry. That's just -- if I was you, I just wouldn't go on there.
O'REILLY: I knew you were going to say that but, listen, just the debate and just the mobilization of people focusing on the politically correct madness that is sweeping over the country is worth it. It was all worth it.
All right. Let's get on to your second topic. President and Mrs. Obama going to a parent-teachers conference.
MILLER: Well, listen, I feel good for the two kids, because when you live in a household where 46 percent approval ratings is considered excellent, that's a nice curve to be on for the kids. So I feel good for them. But I'm not even sure he was there to talk to the teachers, Billy. I think he had gone to get his marching orders from the teacher's union and the teacher's meeting was secondary.
O'REILLY: Can you imagine the teacher going, "You know, Mr. President, your child is really screwing up"? Secret Service then comes in and removes the teacher. I mean, but those are nice girls, and it's a nice family. I don't care what anybody says. They're nice girls.
MILLER: I didn't say anything, Billy. I know you went to the Christmas party and they gave you a second brownie or something.
O'REILLY: I think that is one of the nicest families. I thought the Bush family was nice, too, even when the crazy girls were running around.
MILLER: Billy, everybody is great. We are on an Amish kibbutz here. Beautiful.
O'REILLY: All right, Miller. I mean, the teacher is not going to deliver bad news to Mr. and Mrs. Obama.
MILLER: No, listen. I'm Haley Mills. I love everybody here on the mountain.
O'REILLY: Jimmy McMillan, and I know you love Jim, and Jim's running for governor of New York on the "Rent Is Too Damn High" platform.
MILLER: Jimmy is beautiful.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JIMMY MCMILLAN, RENT IS TOO DAMN HIGH PARTY CANDIDATE FOR NEW YORK GOVERNOR: My main job is to provide a roof over your head, food on your table and money in your pocket. This is politics as usual, playing the silly game. It's not going to happen. Rent too damn high. People I’m here to represent can't afford to pay their rent. They are being laid off right now without speak. They can't eat breakfast, lunch, dinner. Someone's stomach just growled. Did you hear it? You gotta listen like me. As a karate expert, I will not talk about anyone up here because our children can't afford to live anywhere. Nowhere. There is nowhere to go. Once again, why? You said it, the rent, it's too damn high.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Painting kind of a bleak picture there.
MILLER: Listen, Jimmy is beautiful. It's like Frederick Douglass meets Ming the Merciless. And I've got to -- I've got to say this. The inmates are subletting the asylum back in New York City. And, you know, they all got real quiet when he brought up the karate master, because can I tell you, everybody else on that dais was as thick as a plank. And they were afraid they was going to split them in half. I want that guy to be the voice of my radio show. Jimmy, give me a call. I need a new announcer on my show.
O'REILLY: Will do you me a favor? Can you kind of get the beard going on like Jim? Can do you that thing here? I think you have got enough going. You can get that whole thing going here.
MILLER: Can I tell you what I want, Billy? Let's take this away from today's session. I want to live in a tree house, Swiss Family Robinson with you, Joy, Barbara, Barack, the teacher, and Jimmy. I want us all to come together. We're the Von Trapps.

O'REILLY: I can see it as it a "Survivor"-CBS thing next fall.
MILLER: I love you.
O'REILLY: Dennis Miller, everybody. Lock him up.


