

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Culture Warriors" segment tonight: a bizarre Internet situation. A Minnesota couple is asking Americans whether they should abort their baby. Isn't that nice?
Thirty-year-old Alisha Arnold, 19 weeks pregnant, is thinking about terminating her fetus because she's in a bad emotional state, according to her blog. Husband Pete Arnold disputes some of this. But there is no disputing the fact the couple has asked Americans to vote on whether the abortion should take place, and two million people have.
With us now, the "Culture Warriors," "Fox & Friends" co-anchor Gretchen Carlson and Fox News analyst Margaret Hoover. No. 1, this is disgusting. This is a human life we're talking about, is it not?
MARGARET HOOVER, FOX NEWS ANALYST: This is a potential human life.
O'REILLY: I don't mind your description there. It's a potential human being containing human DNA right at this moment.
HOOVER: Correct.
O'REILLY: So it's disgusting that you would put this up for a vote on whether to execute it. Am I wrong?
HOOVER: The decision to have an abortion is a deeply personal decision between a woman, her family, her doctor, her God; not her government, and not the public at large.

O'REILLY: OK. So you're with me on that.
HOOVER: It should not be open to a vote.
O'REILLY: Why do you think these pinheads are doing this?
HOOVER: I -- why does anybody put their life out there for the ether and for the world to find out?
O'REILLY: So you're not sure?
HOOVER: I think they're looking for attention.
GRETCHEN CARLSON, CO-HOST, "FOX & FRIENDS": Duh.

HOOVER: I mean, they're clearly opening this up to people.

O'REILLY: All right. So you just think they're exhibitionists and they want their 15 minutes of fame? And you -- is that what you're saying?

CARLSON: I say this is completely what is wrong with the Internet. For gosh sake, with the most intimate personal decision about whether or not you keep a pregnancy, you're going to go to two million voters whom you don't even know?

O'REILLY: And by the way, this is what makes me suspicious of this whole thing. Seventy-seven percent of those who voted on this crazy thing say the woman should have the abortion. Twenty-two percent say they shouldn't. Now, whenever you get something like this, the audience should understand, you get the pressure groups in. You get...

HOOVER: That's exactly what happened. What happened was within 30 hours they got a million votes, mostly in the pro-abortion direction.
O'REILLY: Right, right, because some of these people, these pressure groups said, "Oh, you've got to do this. You've got to do this." But it just makes it more disgusting.
CARLSON: What kind of world do we live in?
O'REILLY: You know what kind of world we live in, Carlson.
CARLSON: Where our kids are growing up, and they're going to now blog about whether or not they should break up with their boyfriend or whether or not they should study for an exam? Give me a break.
O'REILLY: It is -- it's disturbing.
HOOVER: Here's the thing. I have to say, I looked at it all. I read the blog today, read all the comments. I mean, the comments really landed on them, really, justly, harsh and critical.
O'REILLY: Of these -- of this couple?
HOOVER: Of this couple.
O'REILLY: Right.
HOOVER: And every one in ten was very sort of "Think about what you're doing here."
O'REILLY: No, they don't. Look, if they could -- if they could think, they wouldn't do it.
HOOVER: It isn't clear from the beginning and all the stuff that I read that they were actually ever really going to execute the decision of the vote, what the vote was.
O'REILLY: I don't -- I don't expect them to do anything. If they do, we'll report it.
HOOVER: And it looks like she's decided -- she's the one who's pro- choice and...
O'REILLY: But the fact that they -- the fact that they would put the spectacle up is revolting.
CARLSON: And that they would listen to the end result.
O'REILLY: And talking about a spectacle, when you're driving from New Jersey through the Lincoln Tunnel to Manhattan, there's a big atheist billboard up there, and just in time for Christmas. Now, I don't object to being an atheist. It's America. If you don't want to believe in God, fine. You can believe in Bill Maher. He created everything. All right? But why, why would you want to run down -- and I've asked this question before, Carlson, why do you want to run down people's sincere beliefs by this kind of an exposition? I'm not -- do they think this is going to create more atheists?
CARLSON: Yes, because you and I and Margaret right now, we're talking about this, right?
O'REILLY: OK, go ahead.
CARLSON: So we're giving this -- we're giving this the attention that they know that we will.
O'REILLY: But it makes people angrier against atheists. That's what it does.
CARLSON: No. 2, they never put up these billboards in July, do they? They always have to try and hijack the Christmas season.
O'REILLY: Tell me why. What is the mentality that you want to put this stuff up and offend people who enjoy Christmas and believe in Christmas?
CARLSON: This society has made it easier for them to do that.
HOOVER: I know why.
O'REILLY: But you're not answering my question.
HOOVER: I went to the website -- and my name is Hoover. And I went to the website and it says -- here's why it says they do it at Christmas. They do it at Christmas, Bill...
O'REILLY: Yes.
HOOVER: ... because atheists feel alone during Christmas because everyone else is religious and together.
O'REILLY: Atheists feel alone?
HOOVER: And they also -- no, this is what the website says. They have it right here.
O'REILLY: Well, why don't they go -- why don't they go to atheist parties?
HOOVER: They feel closeted, because they feel like they can't come out.
O'REILLY: Hold it, hold it.
CARLSON: Christians feel alone at Christmas.
O'REILLY: They can't come out. They can't come out.
HOOVER: So the reason...
O'REILLY: The entire month of December, they can't come out?
HOOVER: This is what they said.
O'REILLY: This is what they say.
CARLSON: That is so crazy. Christians feel alone at Christmas right now in this society that we live in because we're supposed to be tolerant of every religion. Oh, except Christianity, especially around Christmas time.
O'REILLY: I don't feel alone, and I'm a Christian. And by the way, Hoover, I know your name. I was going to say that Carlson won't answer the question, why don't you. Don't try that stuff with me.
HOOVER: The real -- here is the answer. The answer is that atheists feel alone during the holidays.
O'REILLY: Feel alone?
HOOVER: Intended to encourage them to be honest with themselves and their family members...
O'REILLY: About hating Christmas?
HOOVER: About not believing in God, because they don't feel alone during the holidays, too.
O'REILLY: OK. Well, why don't they just walk around with a big sign: "I don't believe in God"? You know? I mean, that would be good. Then everybody will know.
HOOVER: They need encouragement to come out of the closet.

O'REILLY: Do you want the last word?
CARLSON: I do. In a recent poll, 91 percent of Americans said, "Yes, we believe in a god or a universal spirit." Get over it.

O'REILLY: Get over what?
CARLSON: Get over the fact that an overwhelming majority of this country doesn't agree with your billboard.
O'REILLY: All right. There they are, the "Culture Warriors," ladies and gentlemen.


