

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Miller Time" segment tonight: Let's bring in the sage of Southern California. He has some election predictions for us. He joins us now from Los Angeles.
All right. So Morris is bloviating at the top, and he sees, you know, the Republicans winning pretty much everywhere. We had a couple of other analysts who say, "Oh, they'll win the House. They won't win the Senate." And you say what?
DENNIS MILLER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: First off, I want to congratulate Juan Williams on the new contract and tell you, Billy, how long have I been afraid of Muslims on planes? For two years here now. Get me a raise.

O'REILLY: Well, I think you're going to have to get fired from somewhere before I can get you a raise, Miller. So...
MILLER: Well, I don't want to do that. I don't want to do that.
O'REILLY: Do you work anywhere else beside here? Do you have any other job? I know you're playing in Vegas. If you get some two-bit casino to fire you, I can probably get you a raise.
MILLER: All right. I'll work on it, Billy. I'll become a grievance hustler, too.
I think that there's going to be a 60-seat flip in the House and maybe eight in the Senate. I don't want to get too specific then David Plouffe over at the White House, if it comes in at 59 and seven, he says it's a stunning defeat. Somewhere in the 60 and eight ballpark.
I have a couple of other predictions though. I think that -- I think that Bernie Madoff will be furloughed for Election Day and will serve as a Democratic poll watcher in Searchlight, Nevada. And in spite of that, I think that Harry Reid is going to go down to defeat because at this point, Reid just looks like an old Swiffer that's sucked up too much dirt over the years. And they want a clean floor, so they're going to try something else. I would encourage Sharron Angle to push it out to three to four points though because if she doesn't...
O'REILLY: She's there.
MILLER: ...this is going to be the biggest heist since "Oceans 11."
O'REILLY: No, no, no, she's there. She's four up now. I know you did a little event for Ms. Angle. But here's what troubles me about that race. I hear that Senator Reid is importing some New Black Panthers from Philadelphia to be around, and I'm not sure what they're going to do out there. But...
MILLER: I don't put anything beyond Harry Reid, but I think even Democrats are out there looking at him and just saying, "Is this really the face of my future? He seems like a tired, dense old hack." I think they're even having trouble to rush out to the poll.
O'REILLY: I'd say ever since Ms. Angle appeared on this program, I thought she would win.
All right. Now, you heard earlier in the program that President Obama told Univision Radio that Hispanics should get out and vote because to punish their enemies. I guess their enemies are the Republicans. What do you say?
MILLER: Can I make one other quick prediction? I think Texas will beat San Francisco in the World Series. And I think the Obama administration will ask Texas to share one of their four victories with the Giants, because we don't want any losers in this society.
Secondly, on this other thing, listen, you know, Billy, I was loathe to weigh into this guy for a long time, because I say I'm willing to give anybody six months. I want my president to succeed by and large. I want the office of the presidency to be a respected one.
But you know something? I'm beginning to think that this guy is a nasty piece of work when he says stuff like that. That reeks of Nixonian tactics to me. Saying enemies in a speech to a certain group of Americans about another group of Americans, I don't think he is as nice of a guy as I always thought.
O'REILLY: I think that was way out of line. And I think if I had the president here, he would admit that it was wrong. And in fact, I'm going to ask for a White House statement tomorrow from our pal out there in White House land, Bill Burton.
MILLER: Listen, I would tell him to begin to treat people like me and the Tea Party people like Al Qaeda. Don't judge us that harshly. Don't use names with us.
O'REILLY: Look, the point you made that is absolutely on target is that you don't give a speech to one group of Americans telling them another group of Americans are their enemies, unless you have facts beyond a reasonable doubt. And he doesn't. So...
MILLER: Or unless you know that the cops in Cambridge are stupid. Listen, there's starting to be a little bit of a pattern here.
O'REILLY: Yes.
MILLER: Not everybody in the Christian community clings to their God and guns. Not all Cambridge cops are stupid. We aren't all the enemy over here.
Listen, once he gets around four episodes in, you start to think, is this guy slipping up, or is this a poker tell? I'm beginning to get the feel it's a poker tell.
O'REILLY: All right. Now, in Kentucky there was a nasty incident yesterday at a Rand Paul rally. MoveOn sent one of their agitators over there to try to disrupt Mr. Paul's campaign appearance, and she was roughed up. Now there have been arrest warrants issued in the case. It is nasty, nasty business. And this should not be happening in any -- No. 1, MoveOn is a despicable organization, should never send anybody out there. But these guys, I think, overreacted, and that's what's going on today.
MILLER: This is a shame because up to this point, Billy, this has all been laid down by SEIU guys, this sort of stuff. Now quite frankly, those people on the right don't have as much room to say, "Hey, that's not us." This is a nasty bit of work here. I will say this. Roger Goodell should step in and fine that guy in the t-shirt, because that is helmet to helmet right there.
O'REILLY: That's right. And they may be...
MILLER: They do it in the NFL.
O'REILLY: Maybe those guys can play for the Buffalo Bills, you know, if they ever get bailed out. Poor Buffalo...
MILLER: There you go. That's the key.
O'REILLY: I like this Ryan Fitzpatrick. He's an Irish guy from Harvard. He throws the ball like I used to. But he -- it's 0 and 6, so maybe these guys could go up to Buffalo.
MILLER: Listen, when you go to Harvard, at some point you figure out that you're smart enough that you cannot play behind Buffalo's offensive line.

O'REILLY: He didn't have much choice though. I mean, that's who took him.
MILLER: Yes.
O'REILLY: Anyway, you are, of course, a former NFL commentator. And now the NFL has got to wise up, because half the league is on crutches. And they're basically saying, "We're not going to have anybody on the field if this continues," because these guys are so humongous, and they can run fast. This is like super-charged zombies here, you know? So you've got to stop the carnage somehow, and they put in all these new rules.
MILLER: Yes, but Billy, if you start to -- listen, I would make all the fields real turf. And I like Ditka's thing about peeling back on the face masks a little so it doesn't turn into, like, rock 'em sock 'em robots. But I think the main thing is this. If the NFL starts analyzing certain hits, and then they're going under that peep show five times a day to get everything perfect, and you know, it's starting to become it's the headache that's you go to games to get away from, they're now starting to institute in the league. And I think it's dangerous. If safety is the prime directive in the NFL, you shouldn't play the games, because the very nature of the game…
O'REILLY: I know, I know, but it's getting to the point now where you just don't have a team any more at the end of 16 games. They're all destroyed. I mean, the average running back lasts maybe a season and a half because he's ripped up. So, look, I know it's a violent game. I played it in college. I know what it's about. But if they could put in a few rules to save a few guys, I'm for it. I'll give you the last word.
MILLER: Hey, Billy, OK. Everybody wants safety. But how long before the Muslim community says they don't want them using pig skin to make the ball anymore? You know what I mean? We've got to leave the world at the locker room door at some point.
O'REILLY: Now, that will get you fired from some enterprise, Miller. So we'll go back to the top of the segment. I can get you a raise.
MILLER: You'll take care of me, Billy.
O'REILLY: I'll take you -- I've got your back. There's no doubt that you're toast somewhere, OK? All right, Dennis Miller, everybody.


