
BY BILL O'REILLY

Voter anger - that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo." The new unemployment figures are out today. The jobless rate remains at 9.6 percent. That is the 14th consecutive month. Unemployment has been over 9.5 percent, a situation not seen since the Great Depression.
And the American workers are angry, even if they have jobs, because there is a fierce climate of uncertainty in the air. Anything could happen in this economy. Uncertainty often breaths hostility. If you're insecure, you can't be happy. And often folks lash out at the source of the insecurity. Enter President Obama, who is bearing the brunt of voter anger these days. That's not entirely fair because the economy collapsed on President Bush's watch.
But, there is no question that Mr. President Obama's massive spending strategy has not improved things, and we Americans are an impatient people. So, we have displays like this one yesterday.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATE OF AMERICA: Unbelievable recession - -
UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: You're a liar!
(SHOUTING)
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, I continue to believe that all presidents should be respected, not shouted down like that display, but obviously, there is anger in the air.
A new Rasmussen poll out today asked Americans, "How angry are you at the policies of the federal government?" A whopping 43 percent say very angry; 20 percent say somewhat angry; 18 percent not very angry; 14 percent not angry at all; the remaining 5 percent of American voters are apparently in a coma. Sixty-three percent of the country is angry with Washington, 63 percent.
There is no way the party in power, the Democrats, can prosper in that climate. So, the Republicans will most likely benefit on November 2nd. But the GOP better not gloat because many Americans are very skeptical of them. Again, the economy went off the cliff when a Republican was in the White House. Although, to be fair, the Democrats ran Congress. That is almost always overlooked by the left-wing media.
Now, sometimes anger can be a positive thing. It can cause constructive change. We saw that with Jessica's Law when the nation mobilized against child molesters. But other times anger is simply destructive and clouds clear thinking.
In the case of President Obama, it is wise to step back to examine his policies without emotion. Sorry about the plug, but that's what I do in my book, "Pinheads and Patriots." And that's what the American voter must do - must do - if America is to make a comeback. And that's "The Memo."

PINHEADS & PATRIOTS
Finally tonight, " Pinheads & Patriots," TV edition. Last night it was all about Bruce Willis and David Letterman.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BRUCE WILLIS, ACTOR: Dig in buddy.
DAVE LETTERMAN, HOST, CBS'S "THE LATE SHOW WITH DAVID LETTERMAN": Where did I even?
WILLIS: Carefully. That's a good part right there.
LETTERMAN: Oh boy.
WILLIS: Come on.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
All right. So was that meathead exhibition pinheaded or patriotic? Eighty-seven percent say they're pinheads; 13 percent patriots.
Now tonight, a million people on the Net have observed a father possibly embarrassing his daughters who were singing karaoke to a Justin Bieber song.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
(MUSIC)
(END VIDEO CLIP)
OK, is that dad a pinhead or a patriot for that exposition? Please go to BillOReilly.com and cast your ballot.


