

By Bill O'Reilly

As we reported Thursday night, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi told ABC News she has no regrets over how her party has conducted itself since President Obama was elected.

Now, that sounds kind of defiant, especially because Americans rejected the Democratic performance in the election earlier this week.

It is clear if you look at the map that pockets of liberalism do remain on the West Coast and in the Northeast, but throughout the rest of the country Americans are moving right, and that presents a huge problem for the Democratic Party.

However, Ms. Pelosi and Barney Frank, two of the biggest liberals in Congress, don't see it that way. Mr. Frank was re-elected and lashed out at those who opposed him.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

REP. BARNEY FRANK, D-MASS.: Massachusetts has reaffirmed the complete political irrelevance of the Boston Herald. There was no limit to the bias and vitriol they unleashed and it had no impact, so good for Massachusetts. I also will say that the influence of Fox News does not, in the end, appear to have been very great either.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

Well, that may be true in Franktown but not in most other parts of America. The far left continues to rattle the Democratic establishment, which does realize that danger is in the air.

On Sunday, President Obama appeared on "60 Minutes" and showed some humility:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

STEVE KROFT, HOST, "60 MINUTES": There is this feeling, particularly among people who are among your most ardent supporters...

PRESIDENT OBAMA: Right.

KROFT: …who feel a little disappointed, that they think that you lost your mojo, that you lost your ability, that touch you had during the campaign to inspire and lead.

OBAMA: I think it is a fair argument. You know, I think that over the course of two years we were so busy and so focused on getting a bunch of stuff done that we stopped paying attention to the fact that leadership isn't just legislation. That it's a matter of persuading people.
(END VIDEO CLIP)

And in that area, the president has a long way to go, but he's not completely on the ropes. On Friday, the jobs report was better. And two years is a long time in politics. If the economy turns around, President Obama will be a force in the election of 2012. But if the far-left elements continue to control the Democratic Party, the president is doomed.

Most Americans reject the quasi-socialistic agenda they put out. But people like Nancy Pelosi and Barney Frank will never admit that, and so tension remains inside the Democratic Party.

And that's "The Memo."

Pinheads & Patriots

Meghan McCain is a very feisty lady, and Ryan Seacrest is a very successful entertainer who interviewed President Obama this week. Now the two are at odds:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

MEGHAN MCCAIN, DAUGHTER OF JOHN MCCAIN: If I were President Obama, I would be very nervous and not necessarily doing serious interviews with Ryan Seacrest. I would be a lot more concerned with what the American public...

JAY LENO, HOST, "THE TONIGHT SHOW": You would talk to Ryan Seacrest?

MCCAIN: I just think it's not so presidential to do an interview with the producer of the Kardashians.

RYAN SEACREST, DJ/TV PERSONALITY: She apparently has an issue with that because of the type of show we do and the fact that I produce a television show called "Keeping Up with the Kardashians." And she thinks it's just lowbrow. But just -- I just want to be clear. It is the lowbrow show that she wanted to come on twice to promote her stuff.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

So who's the patriot and who's the pinhead here? Please go to BillOReilly.com and vote. So it's kind of like one or the other. You've got to cast two ballots here.

Thursday night we ran a clip of Bill Maher saying he's not happy that Muslims are acquiring so much power. So Maher scored on this one. Seventy-nine percent thought those comments were patriotic; 21 percent said they were pinheaded.


