I'm angry. Angry because craven politicians and dishonest media are creating an atmosphere where good Americans are being pitted against one another.
Wednesday night in Phoenix, a candlelight vigil was held to protest the tough crackdown in Arizona on illegal aliens. About 5,000 people showed up, a low turnout for such a controversial issue.
Nevertheless, feelings about illegal immigration are running high.
A new Investor's Business Daily poll shows 60 percent of Americans support the new Arizona law which allows state and local police to investigate a person's citizenship if another police matter is in play. Just 30 percent oppose the law.
But you'd never know that if you follow the media, most of which is portraying the Arizona law as a racist situation passed to harm law-abiding Hispanics.
Here's President Obama on it:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: We can't turn law-abiding American citizens and law-abiding immigrants into subjects of suspicion and abuse. We can't divide the American people that way. That's not the answer. That's not who we are as the United States of America, and that's why I have instructed my administration to closely monitor the new law in Arizona.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
With all due respect, Mr. President, instead of monitoring, you should be building. You, President Clinton and President Bush have all failed to secure the Mexican border.
Let me repeat that: Those three presidents have failed to secure the border.
There's no reason on earth that the most powerful country in the world cannot control its Southern border. The feds can do it. They simply won't do it, largely for political reasons.
So the state of Arizona, faced with an overwhelming crime problem, social chaos and a bankrupt treasury, had to do something. So they passed the new law. And now anybody who supports that law is being branded racist in the far-left precincts. If that doesn't make you angry, nothing will.
Hispanic-Americans are not at fault. Indeed some of them support tough measures to get illegal immigration under control.
As "Talking Points" has stated, if one group is singled out, that group is not going to be happy. We understand. But all Americans should support what's best for the country, and a porous border is not good for the country.
It's really a simple issue. We can't have millions of people walking in here unaccountable. The federal government is obligated to help Arizona and every other state.
It's way beyond time for all fair-minded Americans to rally together and solve this immigration mess.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
In order to raise money for aging and sick actors, Katie Holmes, the wife of Tom Cruise, did this:
Click here to watch Katie Holmes dance for charity!
Because it was a good cause, Katie Holmes is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, it is bad in Greece.
As you may know, that country is bankrupt and other countries will have to bail Greece out. If not, the country may collapse. But some Greeks don't want any cutbacks in their socialistic benefits, so they are rioting. These pinheads want their free stuff and don't care if their entire country collapses.
This, ladies and gentlemen, is what socialism can bring.
So far, three people are dead and hundreds injured. As I said, these protesters are pinheads.

