

By Bill O'Reilly

As we reported Monday night, the incoming chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, Congressman Peter King, wants to hold hearings on Muslim terrorism in America.

Just the thought of that has angered Muslim groups like CAIR and one of the two Muslims in Congress, Keith Ellison:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

REP. KEITH ELLISON, D-MINN.: I actually approached Congressman King on the House floor and told him that, you know, look, we all need to be concerned about violent radicalization but not just against Muslims; against anybody. What about the guy who flew the plane into the IRS or what about the guy who killed a guard at the Holocaust Museum? What about all these things that we have seen like Timothy McVeigh and other things?

(END VIDEO CLIP)

That is an outrageous canard, a rhetorical ruse. Individual terrorism is far different from Islamic jihad, as Mr. Ellison and CAIR well know.

The Muslim jihad worldwide has killed tens of thousands of people, and Islamic theocracies like Iran are threatening the world. So to say that Muslim terrorism inside the USA should not be scrutinized because a few non-Muslims have engaged in terrorism is insane.

In the past two years, 24 Muslim terror plots have been exposed in this country. One of them, the Fort Hood massacre, resulted in 13 dead Americans.

As you may know, "Talking Points" believes there is a Muslim problem in the world, and that extends to the USA.

To be fair, however, the jihad has not caught on here. Most American Muslims despise the terror activity. I really believe that.

The House hearings would not be targeting law-abiding Muslims; instead focusing on the jihadists already in this country, and they are here.

Are you getting that, Congressman Ellison? They are here.

To ignore the threat would be absolutely irresponsible. That's why the Obama administration is spending billions of dollars on foreign and domestic intelligence. Even a liberal guy like Attorney General Eric Holder is aggressively investigating terror activity by setting up stings, which many in the liberal community despise.

In order to protect us from terror-killers, our government must be pro-active. It must have as much information as possible, and these congressional hearings can better inform you and me about what's going on among the jihadists.

We do know that there are Americans who are funding radical Islamists. We also know there are Americans working with Al Qaeda terror cells. The more heat we can put on these people and the more we can expose their structure, the safer we will be.

Congressman Ellison and CAIR are misguided. They are not looking out for us.

And that's "The Memo."

Pinheads & Patriots

As you know, there are popinjays who will object to any public displays of Christmas, but in Canada a choir took the controversy and ran with it in a shopping mall.

Click here to watch the video!

Is the choir patriotic or pinheaded for intruding on people who might not like Christmas songs? Please vote on BillOReilly.com.

Monday night we showed you a very strange thing. Ms. Joy Behar, who I think might have a crush on me, issued a holiday card, and I really object to the shirt. Ninety-five percent of you believe Ms. Behar is a pinhead for the stunt; 5 percent say she is patriotic. That's about what we expected.


