


BY BILL O'REILLY

Once again Congresswoman Maxine Waters dishes propaganda in the House of Representatives. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
Yesterday, the chairman and CEO of News Corp., Rupert Murdoch and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg traveled to Capitol Hill to urge of a passage of a fair immigration law. Both men saying the country needs skilled immigrants to prosper in the future. But Congresswoman Maxine Waters, a far-left zealot, turned the immigration testimony into an anti-Fox news diatribe.
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
REP. MAXINE WATERS, D-CALIF.: Why are you here with a basically decent proposal talking about the advantage of immigrants to our economy? But I don't see that being promoted on Fox. As a matter of fact, I'm oftentimes stunned by what I hear on Fox, particularly when you have hosts talking about anchor babies and all of that.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
Now, Ms. Waters gives herself away with the anchor babies line. For her the issue is not about legal immigration. It's about illegal immigration, which she likes, which she wants, which she has done everything in her power to encourage. Some of us here at Fox News see it differently.
We believe that chaotic illegal immigration is harmful to the country. That doesn't make us anti-immigration. It makes us anti-law-breaking. As for the immigration debate, all sides are heard here.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You are not going to take 10 million people, many of whom have been here for many years, good actors. They have not broken the law. They work hard. I'm not going to put them on the buses and deport them.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: I'm pro-immigration. I believe America should offer the opportunity to foreigners who obeyed the rules and want to work hard. I want to continue our tradition of welcoming people, who believe that America is the land of opportunity. But, I want it done in an orderly disciplined way. Call me crazy.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
And, if you want to get into illegal immigration, we also have plenty of voices who feel the same way Ms. Waters does.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GERALDO RIVERA, AUTHOR OF "HIS PANIC": 97 percent of -- over 97 percent of all the people in our prisons, federal state, and local are citizens. They are here legally. Illegal aliens are not the problem that commentators who choose to make this a social issue make them out to be.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Do you subscribe to these sanctuary city policies, Juan? Do you think they are okay?
JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: Yeah, for the most part I think that those are people who are acting on principle.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
It's too bad that Congresswoman Waters doesn't know what she is talking about. We have robust debates here on Fox News with plenty of opinions on immigration. Congresswoman may notice that on our cable news competition, they don't have any of that. They just tow the liberal line and of course, that's what Congresswoman Waters wants -- to accuse Fox News of being anti-immigrant, dishonest and disreputable. Ms. Waters owes this entire network an apology. And, that's "The Memo."
Now, for the top story tonight, reaction. Joining us from Chicago, Congressman Luis Gutierrez, who was at the hearing yesterday. So, congressman, where am I going wrong?
REP. LUIS GUTIERREZ, D-ILL.: Well, first of all, I never say no to an opportunity to be on Fox News Network. A couple of weeks ago, I think I was on in the 6:20 segment, flew in the night before. I had to literally get up at 4:00 in the morning, Eastern Standard Time. But, I did it because I think all too often, Bill, the point of view of having a fair, just reformed immigration system doesn't get covered on Fox News.
Here is how, when I come on, there's usually many times an anti-immigrant congressman, but sometimes many -- most of the times. And, if you watch the program, it's kind of like the anchor and the anti and Luis Gutierrez with the other position. And, there's the --
O'REILLY: All right, well, we don't subscribe in ganging up on anybody. But, this the --
GUTIERREZ: OK.
O'REILLY: This is the premier broadcast on the network and I say that with all humility.
GUTIERREZ: OK.
O'REILLY: This is the one, OK, that millions of people all over the world watch here. We have been flat-out fair in this debate. We have put just as many liberal voices on as conservative voices. Ms. Waters characterizes Fox News across the board as being anti-immigrant. Mr. Gutierrez, you know that's not true. You know that's not fair and I would like to you tell Ms. Waters to knock it off.
GUTIERREZ: OK. Here's what I would like to say, as engage -- as I always have, Bill, in the conversation and dialogue with you. And, here is what I have to -- what I said to Rupert Murdoch yesterday. I said thank you very much. Thank you for taking this position. Thank you for engaging America in a conversation that is different and distinct about there is somewhere other than -- that's amnesty. That's open border.
There is a process of legalization, which Mr. Rupert Murdoch spoke to yesterday, where we could take the 12 million, legalize them, tax them, teach them English because as he suggested to do otherwise is silly and foolish. Because, there are too many people who would say anything other and many times we hear this on the Fox News Network, because it's what I have encountered each and every time.
O'REILLY: That is absolutely true. You do hear that point of view, but you hear the other point of view as well. Just as loud, just as impassioned and just as often. And, I want to get back to this because this is important. You're a fair man. That's why I have you on the program. I mean, I asked you a question, you give me an answer, all right? And, I'm asking you a direct question, congressman. Right now and I want a direct answer with all due respect. Ms. Waters was not fair to this network yesterday. She was not fair.
GUTIERREZ: Let me say the following, Bill. I think it is unfair to ask me to come here and act as a spokesperson for any other member of congress.
O'REILLY: No. You were at the meeting. You saw it. You saw what she said. You're not going to be a spokesperson.
GUTIERREZ: No. But, you know what?
O'REILLY: You saw it!
GUTIERREZ: Bill, Bill, Bill. Could I made a fair presentation? I was thankful.
O'REILLY: All right.
GUTIERREZ: I was respectful --
O'REILLY: But, why won't you tell Waters --
GUTIERREZ: Because what I want, Bill --
O'REILLY: That what she says isn't right.
GUTIERREZ: But, here's what I want, and here's why I come -- I'm very clear with you. I don't show up on your program, because I think I'm going to receive accolades back from the voters in the fourth congressional district. I don't think that's going to happen. Right given your political persuasion --
O'REILLY: No. I think you're a stand-up guy, though. Come on, congress --
GUTIERREZ: That's not going to happen.
O'REILLY: You get credit for coming on this program.
GUTIERREZ: Here's what I think, I think there are many people who turn on the news each and every day to listen to you to think there is value in your perspective. And, so that's why I come on.
O'REILLY: And we're privileged to have you on, but you are ducking this issue. Congresswoman Waters was unfair in her characterization of this network. You are on that committee. You saw what she did. And, you're telling me you don't have the cojones to go up to her and pull her aside and say, "Hey, that's not right." Is that what you are telling me?
GUTIERREZ: No. No. Here is what I think. I think everybody approaches the situations differently. And, I think there was a difference in my approach and my colleague's approach. I'm not here to do one thing or the other. I do say the following, Bill. Seriously, it gets difficult when you show up and you see the streaming of those scary brown people, who have come here to do harm and we never see them in the fields. We never see them taking their children to school. We never see them going to school. Immigrants, illegal and legal here in this country are not really scary people. They are wonderful people and we should give them an opportunity --
O'REILLY: All right, and we should give them a break by having a decent orderly law abiding system. And, I think you and I could agree. If it's just you and me, I think we could get it done. But I want you to tell --
GUTIERREZ: Can I say --
O'REILLY: I want you to tell --
GUTIERREZ: Can I say can I invite you to come down and maybe meet with the Hispanic congressional caucus.
O'REILLY: Sure.
GUTIERREZ: Meet with different --
O'REILLY: Next time I'm in D.C., I will set that up. I will be happy. As long as you buy me lunch.
GUTIERREZ: All right.
O'REILLY: I'll come down.
GUTIERREZ: I'll buy you lunch. You got it.
O'REILLY: But, I want you to tell Ms. Waters to come on this program and knock it off. So, I don't have to scold her on the air.
GUTIERREZ: Bill -- Bill, Something tells me she heard you.
O'REILLY: All right, congressman, thank you.

PINHEADS & PATRIOTS


Finally, "Pinheads & Patriots," the TV side. October is National Breast Cancer Awareness Month. And we believe this is a disease that can be defeated, perhaps very soon.
Leading the fundraising efforts is Estee Lauder and a spokesperson, actress Elizabeth Hurley.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ELIZABETH HURLEY, ACTRESS: I've been doing it for years now. All thanks to Evan, who formed the Breast Cancer Research foundation in 1993. And I have to say, to date has raised very nearly $300 million for breast cancer research. So it's a phenomenal achievement. And I've been helping her in any capacity I can, sense then. And we go around the world raising funds and raising awareness..
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So, Estee Lauder and Ms. Hurley are patriots.
On the pinhead front, Senator -- still tough for me to say that -- Senator Al Franken was on the Senate floor earlier this week.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: President?
SEN. AL FRANKEN, D-MINN.: Senator from Utah.
REP. TOM UDALL, D-N.M.: New Mexico.
FRANKEN: Oh, God. I'm sorry.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Thank you, Mr. President.
FRANKEN: Senator from New Mexico.
UDALL: Since the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan began nearly...
FRANKEN: Wait, we're in a quorum call.
UDALL: I would NIM's (ph) consent to obviate the quorum call.
FRANKEN: Well, that objection. The senator from New Mexico.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Pinhead? Of course.







