
By Bill O'Reilly

With just three weeks left before the midterm election, the Democrats are in trouble. All the polls say that.

In fact, a New York Times article on Monday submits that Republicans could make big gains in governors' races across the country.

So there is no question that the Obama administration and the Democratic Party must act fast in order to prevent disaster.

So the Democratic National Committee has put together a TV ad accusing the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Republican operatives of being corrupt:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Karl Rove, Ed Gillespie, they're Bush cronies. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce, they're shills for big business, and they are stealing our democracy, spending millions from secret donors to elect Republicans to do their bidding in Congress. It appears they even have taken secret foreign money to influence our elections. It's incredible. Republicans benefiting from secret foreign money. Tell the Bush crowd and the Chamber of Commerce, "Stop stealing our democracy."

(END VIDEO CLIP)

Now, if foreigners are donating money to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, which is pro-business, and that organization is using the money to buy anti-Democrat ads, that would be a scandal. But right now, there is simply no evidence of that.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BOB SCHIEFFER, HOST, "FACE THE NATION": If the only charge three weeks into the election that the Democrats can make is that there's somehow may or may not be foreign money coming into the campaign, is that the best you can do?

DAVID AXELROD, SENIOR ADVISER TO PRESIDENT OBAMA: No. I think that we have a more fundamental concern, Bob, which is that the Republican Party and these interest groups who are now their -- the major force in some of these campaigns want to turn the clock back to the very same policies that got us into this mess in the first place.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

So what Mr. Axelrod is apparently saying is he doesn't like what President Bush did in office, and the Chamber of Commerce may have done something wrong. Might have, could be, perhaps.

Some might say desperation has set in.

In a recent CNN poll asking Americans who they prefer as president, Bush or Obama, 47 percent said Obama and 45 percent said Bush. That's down 23 points in a year for Mr. Obama. So criticizing Bush might now be obsolete.

Nevertheless, the Democrats have to do something, and people like George Soros, Al Franken and other far-left radicals are not going to give up.

So we can expect in the next three weeks a bunch of scandal charges to try to divert attention away from the state of the union.

That tactic rarely works, but it looks like the Democrats are committed to it.

And that's "The Memo."

Pinheads & Patriots

On Saturday, John Lennon would have been 70 years old, and here in New York City there was a celebration.

Now, Lennon was a controversial guy when he was alive. And was he a patriot or a pinhead in your opinion? This is really an interesting vote. Was John Lennon a patriot or a pinhead? Please cast your vote on BillOReilly.com, and we will give you the results Tuesday.

On Friday, about 5,000 of you voted on the father dancing behind his daughters. It was very close: 53 percent say he's a pinhead, 47 percent a patriot. I probably would have gone with patriot there.


