




BILL O'REILLY, FOX NEWS HOST: In the "At Your Beck and Call" segment tonight, our pal Glenn is on vacation this week. But in the meantime, the ambassador from Pakistan has called on Beck to denounce the Florida nut who wants to burn the Koran. Of course, Beck had already done that.
Also, there is a continuing fallout from the huge Beck rally a couple of weeks ago. And I talked with the Beckmeister before he left for his break.
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
O'REILLY: So Beck, now we're a few weeks out from your big success in Washington. And you're kind of a gloom and doom guy, if you don't mind me saying.
GLENN BECK, FOX NEWS HOST: Me? No.
O'REILLY: I mean, you're building the bunker in your backyard. You insist in getting paid in gold. You won't take the currency. You're kind of a...
BECK: Laugh now. Laugh now, clown, laugh.
O'REILLY: OK. You're not calling me a clown, of course. That's just a generic phrase you're using.
BECK: Sure.
O'REILLY: OK. But now with all those people coming out, you've got to be a little more optimistic that the country...
BECK: I am. You know the line that I cut from the speech that would have been the memorable line from the speech, and I cut it while I was on stage because I didn't -- I didn't want to turn into anything political or be accused of being political. But I truly believed it. And I still do. And that is we're 40 days and nights away from fundamentally transforming America.
O'REILLY: In the election, you mean?
BECK: No. The election is -- the election is temporary. That is a temporary thing. I don't think that really changes much. It may slow things down, but we have big problems ahead of us.
O'REILLY: So 40 days and 40 nights. What's coming up then?
BECK: I asked people to take a 40 day and 40 night challenge, and that is the last line of the Declaration of Independence, is we mutually -- firm alliance under divine providence. We mutually pledge our lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor. Be able to actually mean every word of that in 40 days and 40 nights. Have firm reliance.
O'REILLY: OK. Say everybody takes your advice and does that and converts into this reliance on a deity. What happens then?
BECK: Gandhi said be the change that you want.
O'REILLY: Gandhi?
BECK: Gandhi.
O'REILLY: Gandhi?
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: Mahatma?
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: Excellent. All right. So you say...
BECK: Are you making fun of...
O'REILLY: Me? Making fun of Mahatma Gandhi?
BECK: That's the clown part that I might have been referring to.
O'REILLY: You better watch that word, Beck.
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: I mean, I'm telling you. I'm cutting you a little slack here.
BECK: I know.
O'REILLY: Because I know you're tired.
BECK: I know.
O'REILLY: All right. So, all right. So we're -- I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt.
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: And say that you're reaching millions of people who are going to take your advice, right?
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: And they are going to think about things that they haven't thought about, perhaps, before. How does that translate into America, though? Once you get it -- once you get it done, what happens?
BECK: The same way that George Washington talked about it in his farewell address. You cannot -- look, I'm a small government guy. I don't want a big government. I don't want government -- I don't want Washington telling me what to do. I don't want them telling me how to do charity. OK, so then how do you solve that? Well, that means you have to be self- regulating people. That means you have to have a system of beliefs, values, and principles. Find them.
O'REILLY: OK. So you think that this is a grass roots...
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: ... thing?
BECK: You have to restore the principles and the values of the country, as Washington laid out, but also that involves tightening. I've been saying to people, you go to church. Don't put $20 in the basket. Tithe 10 percent.
If you want people to stop living off the government, that means our churches need to have the money and resources to do it.
O'REILLY: Here's the problem with you, Glenn Beck, doing that. You put that gold bar in, the whole thing breaks, the whole basket.
BECK: That's why I pay in bullets, in booze, and in cigarettes.
O'REILLY: All right. Woman named Kathleen Parker made a real nasty comment about you. I took her on for it. I made her a pinhead. And basically, diminished your whole exposition in Washington, D.C., by saying you're basically an Alcoholics Anonymous guy with this kind of 12-step program, mesmerizing these people who don't know anything.
BECK: I'm a hypnotist.
O'REILLY: Right.
BECK: Watch the watch closely. Listen to the sound of my voice.
O'REILLY: Now, we don't take Ms. Parker's words seriously. We think they're nasty and that she's a pinhead. What's behind that kind of a personalized attack?
BECK: Look, everybody is -- everybody else, and they may be right. Everybody else is playing short-term politics. I believe that we are entering, or maybe we're in the third great awakening of this country. The first one happened right before the revolution, starting in 1740. The second one happened that freed the slaves.
There are periods where people wake up, and those periods begin when you lose trust in everything.
O'REILLY: So now you're optimistic that we're in the third awakening?
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: Oh, man, this is a big change.
BECK: It doesn't mean that I don't think massive trouble is ahead.
O'REILLY: Massive trouble?
BECK: I just think...
O'REILLY: You and I will forestall that, though. Don't you understand?
BECK: There isn't a chance. You and me, we'll do it.
You're a Bible-reading man.
O'REILLY: How do you know that? You don't know what I read. I'm reading your stupid book.
BECK: OK. Bill -- Billy reads the book. You at least have seen a Bible.
O'REILLY: Yes. And I know passages from it.
BECK: OK. Which passage?
O'REILLY: Any one.
BECK: Any.
O'REILLY: You know, Romans. You can go Ecclesiastes.
BECK: This isn't -- this isn't going well, America.
OK. Here's the thing. Every time -- the story is the same over and over and over again. People are slaves. They're freed. They become arrogant; they become rich. They worship false gods, and they're destroyed. But the other story line in there is...
O'REILLY: Resurrection.
BECK: There's always -- what?
O'REILLY: Resurrection. They -- they always come back.
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: The Israelites came back after Moses chastised them.
BECK: That's it. That's the awakening.
O'REILLY: Thank you.
BECK: Where people say somebody comes and says, "Wake up."
O'REILLY: Right.
BECK: And they do. If they don't, they're destroyed. That's the bad side. I suggest we wake up.
O'REILLY: All right. And you are the Moses of our time.
BECK: No. So out of shape. I'd be like, "OK, here it is."
O'REILLY: All right. But Moses wasn't going to the gym every day. OK? He was -- he walked a lot. But here's something you don't know about Beck. He was out there the other day, trying to part the Hudson River.
I'm not going through there with you.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CHARLTON HESTON, ACTOR: Behold his mighty hand.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: You know, he had the little staff. That might be too much.
BECK: Imagine if he had parted the East River. Imagine how many bodies...
O'REILLY: All right. Glenn Beck, everybody. Doing his best to save the country.
BECK: One river parting at a time.


