


LAURA INGRAHAM, GUEST HOST: In the "Culture Warriors" segment tonight: Should your tax dollars be going to the abortion provider Planned Parenthood, especially now that we know some workers there seem ready and willing to help child sex traffickers? Remember, the organization received about one-third of its billion-dollar budget from U.S. taxpayers last year.
Joining us from Stamford, Connecticut, is "Fox & Friends" anchor Gretchen Carlson and in New York, Cathy Areu, contributing editor for The Washington Post magazine.
Cathy, let me start with you because you're pro-choice, and I imagine you -- you generally are a fan of Planned Parenthood. As a woman, someone who's pro-choice, pro-woman, is Planned Parenthood now pro-child sex trafficker?

CATHY AREU, CONTRIBUTING EDITOR, WASHINGTON POST MAGAZINE: They didn't show up in these videos and say, "Hi, I'm a pimp. I'm pro-child pornography and child trafficking." They showed up as some creepy people asking some creepy questions, and unfortunately, these were a few bad apples working at Planned Parenthood saying all the wrong things.
Planned Parenthood should say, "We don't know how these women were hired. They are no longer with us." And they actually did fire the woman in New Jersey. So they should fire this woman in Virginia, apologize, and move on and keep doing the right things that they are doing. They're doing many right things.

INGRAHAM: Cathy, I don't know how much more explicit these undercover folks can get. But the pimp says, "We're working with -- we're doing -- this is sex work. They're involved in sex work," and says that they're girls. And then we go on to say the girls are 14 and 15. You can't get any more explicit than that, can you, Gretchen?
GRETCHEN CARLSON, CO-HOST, "FOX & FRIENDS": You can't. Laura, this is jaw-dropping. I do television every single day. This video, both of them, jaw-dropping to me. And to me this has nothing to do with abortion. This is about whether or not they are breaking the law with sex trafficking. And I think that's a really important point to point out here tonight.
Also, here's the other thing. If you have these two women, how many other videotapes do we have? Do we know? And No. 2, to me, it appears to be part of the culture more than just bad apples.

INGRAHAM: Yes, I think if -- again, if we put the facts differently here and we say that it was some conservative group, maybe it's a, you know, some, Americans United for Life, and they wouldn't allow black people to come and be part of the organization. It was a couple of Americans United for Life offices, I have a feeling people wouldn't be so forgiving of the pro-life group committing some kind of -- and that wouldn't even be -- that would be horrible but not necessarily against federal law but clearly discriminatory.
I just think there is a lot of willingness to give Planned Parenthood an enormous amount of slack, Cathy, for something that is absolutely horrific. Even Planned Parenthood in the New Jersey case called it repugnant that its worker would do this. Obviously fired that worker.

AREU: Well, it was repugnant. It was gross. What they said was -- was awful, and the fact that Planned Parenthood is defending their Virginia worker is a little bit odd but I think after an investigation they surely are going to let her go.
Planned Parenthood has been around for a long time. They've done many good things. Many Republican administrations have funded Planned Parenthood. So this is not just Obama's baby, as many people are trying to say. Come on...
INGRAHAM: They make hundreds of millions of dollars on abortion every year. Why, Gretchen, American taxpayers are forced to cough up $360 million at a time when we're broke? We're giving money to Planned Parenthood even aside from all this stuff. It seems like -- this is just abomination. It's ridiculous.
CARLSON: This is the way I see it. Abortion is legal in this country right now. What is not legal is sex trafficking of children. And so for me, that is why I'm separating these two issues.
And I just have to say that I just don't believe that these two women just happen to be bad apples. I mean, you have to ask the question tonight: Is this part of the culture? It sounded to me like this is sort of the way that they do business.

INGRAHAM: Talking point. Yes, we have a way of getting around the parental notification. Don't worry; we can get around it. We do it at least twice a month.
Anyway, we're going to see how this all plays out in other investigations. I'm sure we're going to see more on this.
Let's move on to President Bush's daughter, Barbara Bush. Cathy, were you surprised that she joined this effort to change more the traditional definition of marriage?

AREU: No.

INGRAHAM: It came out in a video yesterday. What is your thought?
AREU: Her mother, Laura Bush, almost said the same exact thing a few months ago. And this is a new generation of Republicans. This is a young Bush saying, "Look, this issue doesn't have to be black or white. I can be a Republican, and I can also support what is right, and gay marriage is right." And good for her standing up for the way she's standing up, and I think her mother taught her well. I've interviewed her mom. Great lady. Stands up for women's rights, human rights, and I would imagine that she raised her daughters to be the same way.
INGRAHAM: Obviously at odds with what President Obama has said about -- about traditional marriage and President Bush has said. But like a lot of other kids of former candidates or presidents, she has her own mind, Gretchen. She can say what she wants.

CARLSON: I wasn't surprised at all. I mean, first of all, she intimated earlier last year that she was in favor of Obamacare, which I'm sure that her father would not be in favor of.

INGRAHAM: Lovely.
CARLSON: So it did -- it did not surprise me at all. And you're right. I mean, a lot of the kids of famous -- I'm thinking of the Reagans. I'm thinking of Meghan McCain.
INGRAHAM: Sure.
CARLSON: I mean, they all have differing views from their fathers.
INGRAHAM: Yes. And they're obviously -- these organizations like to have their names attached to their causes because they're famous names.
Let's move on to the National Prayer Breakfast. President Obama spoke this morning, and he got a resounding response from the crowd. Thousands of people across the country come every year to Washington, Christians of a variety of denominations.
Cathy, he talked about Obamacare in general terms and about how his faith compels him to do this for the needy and people who don't have care. Is that using his faith to push an unpopular policy?
AREU: No. He knew his audience, and he was talking to his audience. And he was simply -- he mentioned health care briefly. No, he's a Christian, and that's what he was talking about to a group that respected his views.
CARLSON: Come on, Laura. Laura, this is all about getting re-elected. I think this is all about getting re-elected.
INGRAHAM: No.
CARLSON: Obama's not just speaking to the audience there. He knows for sure that this is going to be broadcast all over the place.
And here's the poll that he should be nervous about. August 2010, in the American public, only 34 percent of the American public believe that he was a Christian. That was down from 47 percent. Eighteen percent still believed that he was a Muslim, and 43 percent don't know. This is why he's given that speech today.
AREU: He is a Christian.

CARLSON: He is. He is. But the perception. It's perception.
INGRAHAM: He felt the need -- yes, he felt the need to say, "I've accepted Christ as my lord and savior." And I think that did a lot to assuage the concerns of people, maybe, in the crowd. But he's looking -- those are important voters, no doubt about it.
Ladies, great to see you. Thanks so much.


