

By Bill O'Reilly
As you may know President Roosevelt despised predatory
capitalism even though he was a rich guy himself. He did not like monopolies or
huge corporations exploiting American workers.
Roosevelt's legacy on that is excellent. He fought hard to
get fairness into the private marketplace. Now President Obama says he wants to
do the same thing in the face of a faltering economy.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PRESIDENT OBAMA: I believe that this country succeeds when everyone
gets a fair shot, when everyone does their fair share, when everyone plays by
the same rules. These aren't Democratic values or Republican values. These
aren't one percent values or 99 percent values. They are American values and we
have to reclaim them.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Ok, nice speech. The problem is Mr. Obama seems to
be blaming the bad economy on wealthy Americans and corporate greed heads.
"Talking Points" believes that is a ruse. There is no question some
companies are piggish. They short change their workers while lavishing benefits
on executives.
But private companies can do pretty much what they want in
the compensation area. Personally, I won't do business with exploitative people
and all Americans should consider that philosophy.
President Obama says he's angry about corporate abuse. Well
then why hasn't he condemned the government mortgage agencies Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac? They owe we, the people more than $140 billion dollars; yet they
are lavishing big benefits on their top executives. The President could do
something about that so far he has chosen not to.
So once again, I'm a bit skeptical of Mr. Obama's motives
here. It's certainly possible that he doesn't know how to recharge the economy
so he's blaming fat cats in order to create a distraction.
Today the "New York Times" laid out the true
liberal agenda on the economy saying quote, "Elected officials can step in
to keep competition fair and ensure the government has enough money to protect
the vulnerables."
Well, there it is the "Times" and many liberal
Americans want elected officials, that's the government, to run the private
sector, to dictate who gets what. Hello Cuba. Unlike some anti-Obama
commentators, I don't believe the President is a socialist. I think he is an
ardent liberal who wants quote, "income equality" and believes the
feds should impose that.
Now some say that is socialism; and it's close, no question.
The difference is Mr. Obama has not proposed seizing private assets. He does
want the wealthy to carry most of the tax burden.
The bottom line is the President Obama's administration has
not solved America's economic problems. And "Talking Points" believes
it has run out of ideas.
So now the only play, the only play is to convince voters
that greed heads are holding the economy back. And we must take more from them.
I don't believe the American people are going to buy that. But I could be
wrong.
And that's “The Memo.”

Pinheads & Patriots
A very big thank you to the U.S. Post Office and its leader, Patrick Donahoe, for helping send gifts and necessities to our troops overseas. Operation Shoebox in Florida asked the post office for help. They gave it, so they are patriots.
Also tonight all living World War II vets are, of course, patriots as today marks the 70th anniversary of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.

