

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Weekdays With Bernie" segment tonight: AttackWatch.com. Wow. Sounds like it could be an Al Qaeda website or a vicious dog website. It's not. It's a website run by the Obama re-election campaign. Here now to tell us all about it, Bernie Goldberg, who joins us from Charlotte, North Carolina, this evening. So AttackWatch.com. What is it?

BERNIE GOLDBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, let me put it -- let me tell you what it is as if you came up with this website. Let's say you told the people watching you, "You know, people call me a lot of bad names. And a lot of these things aren't true, so I'm going to set up a Web site where you people at home can report all this nasty stuff people say about me that isn't true." If you ever tried that, they'd have to change the name of the show from "The O'Reilly Factor" to "The O'Weenie Factor."
O'REILLY: Or "The O'Whining Factor." I've got to be honest though. I'd like to do it. I would.
GOLDBERG: You don't want to do it. You don't want to do it. You'd be a weenie.
O'REILLY: I wouldn't do it.
GOLDBERG: No, you would be a weenie if you did it. Here's why. Because a president launching a re-election campaign who does something like this, this doesn't exude confidence. This exudes weakness.
O'REILLY: Well, what about correcting the record though, Bernie? Correcting the record for slams and smears that aren't true?
GOLDBERG: Well, you know, correcting the record is fine. But to get people to go to a website -- and, by the way, here's what's wrong with it. Here's what's wrong with it. I'll tell you exactly how they phrase it. They say the website -- this is hilarious -- will stop these attacks before they start. Before they start?
O'REILLY: Then you wouldn't have a website. There'd be nothing on it.
GOLDBERG: And let me tell what you this website is really about. Let me tell what you it's really about. This is a charade because you could punch a button on the website. You can click on something that says "Make a donation." That's what -- this is about money. And it's also -- they get your e-mail address. Everybody who reports to this website, the way we used to -- kids used to report to the junior high school's hall monitor, "Bill just said something bad about me," you know. Everybody who reports can bet they're going to get an e-mail down the road saying, "Would you like to contribute to Barack Obama's re-election campaign?

O'REILLY: OK, so it's a database-building thing. I got it. We're not taking it really seriously. I've never even gone there. I'm glad you did. And that's why we have you, so you can do these things and I don't have to.
GOLDBERG: Are you going to -- are you going to set up a website like this, you say?
O'REILLY: I may. "The O'Whiner Factor" or something like that.
OK, now Fareed Zakaria is a correspondent, I guess, or commentator on CNN. And I guess he writes in one of the magazines, news magazines, as well. He interviews Jeffrey Immelt who, you know, big controversial guy now, the CEO of GE, because he's in charge of the president's job planning thing. And he's shipping jobs over to China and India. Roll the tape.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

FAREED ZAKARIA, CNN ANCHOR: Just sitting on piles of cash, and people say you're opening businesses in China. You're hiring people in China, but you're not hiring people...
JEFFREY IMMELT, CEO, GE: We're hiring 15,000 people in the United States this year. You know, we are -- we are investing in the U.S. But we're also investing in China. We're also investing in India. Look, Fareed, more than 60 percent of the company is outside the United States. Seventy percent of my backlog. I wish all my customers were in Chicago. Really, I do.
(END VIDEO CLIP)

O'REILLY: Nice sleight of hand there. It's not about the customers, Jeff. It's where you make the stuff. So, Fareed, he wasn't really challenging too hard, was he?
GOLDBERG: You want to know why?

O'REILLY: Yes, I do.
GOLDBERG: Because -- because Immelt, we know, is a presidential adviser. But so is Fareed Zakaria.
O'REILLY: Ah.
GOLDBERG: He advises the president in person, face to face, on foreign policy matters. So you have two people who are pals of Barack Obama sitting down, talking to each other. That's not an interview. It's something else.

O'REILLY: But did Zakaria make that clear before they started the interview, that they were both advisers of President Obama? Did he make it clear?

GOLDBERG: I don't believe he did. I don't believe he did. Now, by the way, on the China matter, which you played it, so I know it's important to you.

O'REILLY: Yes.

GOLDBERG: And as you know, Bill, what's important to you is important to me. Since -- since Jeffrey Immelt, your close personal friend, took over GE, GE has lost 34,000 jobs in the United States. They added 25,000 overseas. And now there are 36,000 more GE workers overseas than in the United States, which is pretty much the reverse of what it used to be.

O'REILLY: Interesting. You know that. You know that, but Fareed apparently does not know that, because as soon as Jeffrey said, "We're going to hire 15,000, that was the end of that."
All right. A miracle happened. Newsweek magazine actually said something nice about me. It all goes back to "Killing Lincoln," which comes out next week, a week from tomorrow. And I thought this piece was -- I very rarely do print interviews, Bernie, but Peter Boyer, you know, he's been around for a long time. And he did a fair and balanced job, right?
GOLDBERG: He did. I read -- I read the whole interview. And I think the reason you got a fair shake is basically for one reason. Peter Boyer. He is smart. He is perceptive and most of all, he is a decent journalist. I don't mean a decent journalist; he's much more than a decent journalist.
O'REILLY: He's an honest journalist.
GOLDBERG: He is a decent guy who plays fair.
O'REILLY: Yes, and he told us he was giving us a fair shot, and he did. He's done a lot of writing on CBS, so you're aware of him. But, yes, that's why we did it because they said Boyer is going to do it and we thought Boyer would give us a fair shot. So it's an interesting article.

GOLDBERG: People should -- people should -- I would suggest that people read it, because in the article you'll learn that, Bill, as a child, actually shot Lincoln.

O'REILLY: No, that's TIME magazine. They made that accusation.
All right. Bernie, cracking wise tonight.


