
By Bill O'Reilly
Over the weekend, the "Occupy Wall Street" movement tried to interfere with the Defending the American Dream Summit in Washington, D.C. That is a peaceful meeting attended by conservatives and some Tea Party people, but the protesters made it a target. It got scant media coverage because it is embarrassing to the "Occupy Wall Street" movement. There was no reason why those people were there.
But even worse, some of these irresponsible protesters brought their children.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why are you putting children in harm's way?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They are my children.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, but why would do you that?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The police are the only ones who harmed them.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You put them in harm's way.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The police harmed them.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You put them in harm's way. Why would you people do that?

(END VIDEO CLIP)
They would do that because they are out of control. In Oakland, these kooks are even protesting Burger King, a chain that provides low-cost food to people. There is no question the "Occupiers" are now on the lunatic fringe.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They give us these elections to put the stamp of legitimacy on the crimes and horrors that America commits around the world and the millions of people whose lives it crushes, degrades and murders. That's what this is. And no good, no good can come of this, nothing positive. You know, I'm a communist. You know, look, nothing positive can come about unless you get rid of America.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
So are we all in agreement here? The "Occupy Wall Street" protest has been hijacked by loons.
A new Rasmussen poll says 33 percent of likely U.S. voters now hold a favorable view of the protests; 43 percent unfavorable. The folks know what's going on.
But that doesn't stop the left-wing media from continuing to support the "Occupiers." On Saturday, The New York Times editorialized: "As their numbers grow, the protesters seem to be increasingly welcomed, or at least tolerated, by their fellow citizens."
Of course, that is not true. All the polls say the American people have turned against the "Occupy" movement.
The whole exposition is an important lesson in American dissent. In the beginning, some protesters voiced a legitimate beef. There is far too much corruption on Wall Street, the markets are being manipulated and honest people are getting hurt. That is all true. But soon the loons began to erode any legitimacy, and the sincere protesters did not speak out about the violence and crime.
Finally, even the uber-liberal mayor of Vancouver, Canada, is calling for the protests to be shut down in his city because of the rampant drug use that has apparently killed two protesters with overdoses.
Maybe the liberal media should finally take notice of the real story here and report it accurately.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
As you may know, Liz Cheney, the vice president's daughter, is a very feisty woman. On Sunday, she confronted Bob Schieffer about the Cain situation.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
LIZ CHENEY, REPUBLICAN POLITICAL CONSULTANT: I find this all pretty frustrating. This country faces huge, huge challenges and, you know, frankly, watching a morning show like this one, where first we're talking about Herman Cain allegations and then we're showing a YouTube mash-up of...
BOB SCHIEFFER, MODERATOR, "FACE THE NATION": Well, we're covering the campaign, Liz.
CHENEY: But the issues are what matters, Bob, and with all due respect, you know, the American people are out there afraid.

(END VIDEO CLIP)
For speaking her mind, we believe Ms. Cheney is a patriot. "With all due respect," did she think she took that from me?

