

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Weekdays with Bernie" segment: Far-left zealot George Soros, a billionaire who funds many radical left concerns, is very angry with Fox News.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GEORGE SOROS, BILLIONAIRE: Fox News makes a habit, it has imported the methods of George Orwell, you know, Newspeak, where you can tell the people falsehoods and deceive them. And you wouldn't believe that an open society and a democracy these matters can succeed, but actually, they did succeed. They succeeded in Germany where the Weimar Republic collapsed, and you had the Nazi regime follow it.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

O'REILLY: Now, you may remember that a group of left-wing rabbis, the Jewish Funds for Justice group, took out a full-page ad in The Wall Street Journal recently, criticizing Fox News for referencing Nazi Germany. So, of course, we expect to see another ad from the rabbis shortly hammering Soros.
Joining us now to react, from Miami, the purveyor of BernardGoldberg.com, Mr. Goldberg. Here's what I don't understand. Every once in a while Soros comes down from his plush board room or his private jet lands near CNN headquarters and he gets out and he says this dopey stuff. Why? He is not changing anybody's mind, is he?
BERNIE GOLDBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: No, I don't think that's what motivates him. I think he, honest to God, believes every syllable of what he said. I think if you hooked Mr. Soros up to a lie detector while he made that statement, I don't think the needle would dance one bit.
But I will tell you it takes two to tango, and he did that interview with a supposed journalist for CNN, a supposedly middle-of-the-road news organization, named Fareed Zakaria. And when he said those things, Zakaria didn't ask him one challenging question. When Soros said that Fox is basically inherently dishonest, Zakaria didn't say, "Well, aside from your dispute with Mr. Beck, Glenn Beck, can you give me an example or two of this dishonesty?" When he made the insane statement that Fox's supposed dishonesty might open the way for an American fascist dictatorship -- I mean, think about that -- Zakaria never said, "Really? Really, Mr. Soros?"
So Soros says these things because he believes them. He's a man of the left. We shouldn't expect anything different. But Zakaria is supposedly a journalist, and a journalist doesn't just sit there like a bump on a log when somebody is making crazy statements like that.

O'REILLY: But even if Soros believes it, I mean, this is a guy who's supposed to be a very savvy businessman. He's made billions of dollars and all of that. Even if he believes it, he goes out there and he says it for what purpose? Nobody is going to be persuaded listening to George Soros.

GOLDBERG: That's the point.

O'REILLY: If you hate Fox News, you'll say, "Yay, George Soros." If you watch Fox News and know it's lunacy, you'll just blow him off.

GOLDBERG: You don't think that's true on the right also? Without mentioning names, there are some very big people on the right who are preaching to the choir. People say things -- at best people say things because they honestly believe them. And I'm going to give George Soros credit for believing his craziness.
O'REILLY: OK, but let me stop you there. Let me stop you. Most of the people on the right who -- who speak to the choir are making money doing it, OK? They're in business to do that. That's what they do, all right? And so they believe there's a logic to it.
GOLDBERG: But I'm going to say that they believe it, but they believe it.
O'REILLY: Belief isn't my -- my point. So, yes, the right and the left are going to speak to the choir if they can make money doing it, because there's an industry that some people want to hear their belief system reinforced, and there's nothing wrong with that at all.
But a guy like Soros has no money to be made here. There is no commerce here. Comes out and says this stuff. He doesn't say it in a forum like this, Bernie, where he would be challenged. He goes on a friendly -- and I'm wondering in my mind, "Why waste the time? Don't you have any other currencies you want to ruin? Aren't there any other governments you want to overthrow? Borders you want to tear down? Aren't there drugs you want to give out free?" You know, stuff that he believes in.
GOLDBERG: Bill -- Bill, he's not doing it for money. Obviously, you're right about that. He's not doing it necessarily to change minds. He is doing it the way people of deep ideological beliefs do things. He honestly believes this, and he just wants to get it out to a friendly crowd.
O'REILLY: All right.

GOLDBERG: It's not about proselytizing people who are watching this program tonight. It's about -- I honestly believe this, and I'm going to say it -- and I'm telling you he believes it the same way he believes the sun comes up in the East every morning. It is the same thing.
O'REILLY: And everybody should have free access to drugs. I got it, I got it. But look, I'm just saying I don't know why he would even bother with that kind of stuff.
Now, the "Talking Points Memo," I think we laid out a pretty persuasive case based on facts, not emotion, that the news coverage of the Wisconsin battle has not been honest.
GOLDBERG: Right. Well, let me give you a couple of examples to back that up. First, do you remember during the Tea Party demonstrations there were lots of references to the crowds as being overwhelmingly white. I was never quite sure what the relevance of that was, but The New York Times, for example, thought it was relevant, because they would write stuff like that. These crowds are beyond overwhelmingly white. These crowds are almost 100 percent white, and there's no reference to race. Jeez, isn't that strange? The reason is the mainstream media or so-called mainstream media only brings race into things when conservatives are involved and they want to smear them, so that's one thing.

O'REILLY: Real quick.
GOLDBERG: I'm hearing music. Are we done?
O'REILLY: Real quick. No, we've got -- I've got 15, go ahead.

GOLDBERG: The second one, the easy second one are the signs. One crazy person at a Tea Party rally with a Nazi sign and it's big news.
O'REILLY: Right.

GOLDBERG: The media isn't as passionate about these signs that compare the governor to Hitler, Mubarak and the Taliban. Not nearly as passionate in covering them.
O'REILLY: All right. Bernie, thanks, as always. We appreciate it.



