


BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Factor Follow-up" segment tonight: Whatever happened to Glenn Beck? As you may know, he left Fox News a few months ago to develop an Internet venture. Well today, GBTV begins. I talked to Beck about it a few days ago.
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
O'REILLY: So Beck is back, looking like an aging rock star. He's got the goatee going on.

GLENN BECK, GBTV: I haven't seen you all summer and you start there?

O'REILLY: You look like you're a member of Crosby Stills and Nash.

BECK: Look at this. Look at this. I didn't miss, this Bill. I didn't miss this.
O'REILLY: OK, got the new glasses, the goatee, pretty soon the earring. You've got the lobes for it. Pretty soon the earring. And you've got the new GBTV, which is why you've shown up.

BECK: That's right. That's exactly right.

O'REILLY: Glenn Beck TV.
BECK: I showed up to say hello to you, my old friend.

O'REILLY: Oh, you did not. You're just selling this. So you and the gold and the GBTV. All right.

BECK: Yes. You are going to so regret the gold when the dollar crashes. I know you keep saying, "Oh, it's not going to happen." Watch. Watch and be amazed.
O'REILLY: OK. I bought a bow and arrow. I'll be all right. Now, two hours of Beck. One hour wasn't enough.

BECK: No, it wasn't.
O'REILLY: Two hours.
BECK: America -- America demanded it.
O'REILLY: Right. This is absolutely true. Beck walks in the studio, and I go to him, "Who's your first guest?" And he goes, "Guest?" Two hours of just you? You ranting?

BECK: You think I'm -- why do I need a guest? You have Jay Carney on last week. Last week you just demolished him. God bless you. What do I need to do? I don't need to do anything. What I need to do is inform you on what's coming next so then you can call me crazy for six months, and then when it happens, you're like, "So who knew?"

O'REILLY: All right. So you are just going to bloviate for two hours?
BECK: No, no, no, no, no. There's -- this is a whole different thing. This is -- GBTV is a verb. It's not a noun. This is for people who say, "OK, now what? Now what do we do? What do we do with this information?" And...
O'REILLY: Are you going to ask people for their opinions, or is it just going to be you?
BECK: No, no, no. There -- I've hired what I like to call a staff.

O'REILLY: Oh, you have -- you have sidekicks?
BECK: Yes, kind of. Not...
O'REILLY: Like you were with me.
BECK: ...sidekicks so much. Not so much. Not so much sidekicks, no, as we have somebody who is in charge of looking at the colleges and the universities. And they're going to be with the colleges and universities, trying to get them to organize a little bit the conservatives on campus.
O'REILLY: All right.
BECK: We have somebody who is really, I think, kind of my service expert, somebody who is going in. When there's a Joplin, when there is a -- God forbid -- another 9/11 or something like that, they will be there. They will be helping.
O'REILLY: So you're hiring experts in various...

BECK: Political expert.
O'REILLY: Good. Earlier this week…
BECK: Earlier this week.
O'REILLY: …Republicans on MSNBC, that never happens, right? Big event. And then they actually debated. And what did you take away from that debate?
BECK: That I don't like very many of them.

O'REILLY: You don't?
BECK: No, I don't like very many of them. I took away that Mitt Romney doesn't understand what a Ponzi scheme is, because clearly Social Security is a Ponzi scheme.

O'REILLY: So you -- you sympathize with Governor Perry on that?
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: All right. And I wasn't offended by that either, because they did take the money, the federal government, that was supposed to be earmarked for Social Security and spent it on other things.
BECK: Right. It's a pyramid scheme.
O'REILLY: They say they're going to reimburse it.
BECK: Yes, I know. So the labor unions with their, you know, with their pyramid scheme, as well. They're doing the same thing with people's retirement. When you have -- when you have one firemen that has to be -- when he retired he has to be supported by 40, and those 40 when they retire, have to be supported by 40 other it's a pyramid scheme.
O'REILLY: Right now would it be fair to say that, you know, Perry is your guy if you had to make a decision?
BECK: No. I like Bachmann. I like Rick Perry.
O'REILLY: Bachmann didn't even say much during that debate. Did you notice that? She wasn't called on.
BECK: Sometimes you don't have to say a lot. No.
O'REILLY: Just roll your eyes?
BECK: Yes. Just once in a while, you just, like, "Really? Is it just me?" And then you have it.

O'REILLY: But she is sinking in the polls. Did you know that?
BECK: I don't know that. I don't really care about the polls.

O'REILLY: You're out of touch.
BECK: I really don't care about the polls. I don't -- you know, I'll watch people for what they say and really not really at a debate. I would much rather look at their -- their record and get a feel for them. The polls -- when did we become a society that -- I love this line, "He looks so presidential." Did you see Taft? Did you see Lincoln with the big wart on his face? I mean, why do we care what people look like?
O'REILLY: There wasn't TV then. Did you know that? Back when Lincoln was president there was no TV.

BECK: There may not be TV soon.

O'REILLY: Oh, GBTV though. So Glenn Beck launching a brand-new venture on the Internet, and we want everybody to check it out. It's good to see you again.

BECK: Good to see you.

O'REILLY: I want you to clean up though, OK?

BECK: I'll try.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
O'REILLY: Of course, we wish our pal Beck much success.


