

By Bill O'Reilly
Thursday marked the second month that the "Occupy Wall Street" movement has been present.
As we reported Wednesday night, a Wall Street Journal poll says 63 percent of Americans now disapprove of the "Occupiers." Just 28 percent like the movement.
But these protesters are not going quietly into the night. On Thursday in New York City, they caused all kinds of mayhem.
All over the country the "Occupiers" are costing the taxpayers -- you and me -- tens of millions of dollars. In Boston, Judge Frances McIntyre has refused to move the "Occupiers" from a busy juncture.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JUSTICE FRANCES MCINTYRE, SUFFOLK SUPERIOR COURT JUDGE: I will enter an order that the city of Boston refrain from any police action. Leaving the situation uncontrolled and unrestrained at this point is in the interest of public safety.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Let me get this straight, Judge McIntyre. You believe that leaving the situation "uncontrolled and unrestrained" in Boston is in the interest of public safety? Amazing.
"Talking Points" has been dead-on in assessing the "Occupy" movement from the beginning. We predicted there would be death; there has been. We predicted crime would flourish; it has. And we predicted the cost to the taxpayer would be enormous; that has come true as well.
And now the "Occupiers" are starting to target individual Americans, people like Karl Rove.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mic check.
PEOPLE: Mic check.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Karl Rove.
PEOPLE: Karl Rove.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Is the architect.
PEOPLE: Is the architect.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The architect of Occupy Iraq.
PEOPLE: The architect of Occupy Iraq.
KARL ROVE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: If you believe in free speech, then you have a chance to show it. If you believe in the right of the First Amendment of free speech, then you demonstrate it by shutting up and waiting until the Q and A session.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Once protesters begin to infringe on the rights of individual people, then the courts absolutely have to step in. The Judge McIntyres of the world must realize that public safety and the safety of people the "Occupiers" don't like trumps any theory.
Every American city is giving the "Occupiers" plenty of time and space to get their message across, but that's not good enough for them. They want chaos. So here's another prediction: More people will die.
And that's "The Memo."

Pinheads & Patriots
As you may know, there is an organized attempt to smear my best-selling book "Killing Lincoln." Unfortunately, the National Park Service is helping the guttersnipes. One of its employees, Rae Emerson, doesn't like the book, and that's fine. But her written evaluation contains some major mistakes. That's not fine because taxpayers, including me, are paying her salary.
So we asked Ms. Emerson to come on "The Factor" to talk it over. But the spokesman for the Park Service, David Barna, says Ms. Emerson will not do that, and her review speaks for itself. Sure it does. It's wrong. So in effect, Mr. Barna is being paid $155,000 taxpayer dollars a year to hide the truth.
Once again, I invite Ms. Emerson and Mr. Barna to enter the No Spin Zone. If the National Park Service hides, they are not serving the public interest, and they are pinheads.


