

By Bill O'Reilly

When Obama ran for president, many Americans believed he was a moderate liberal, as his campaign was very short on specifics. Mr. Obama ran on charisma and disenchantment with the Bush administration.

But for the past two years, the president has governed to the left, spending trillions of dollars trying to convince Americans that his vision of social justice will make America a stronger country.

Because the economy has not improved much despite the enormous spending, Mr. Obama now finds himself on the defensive, and his signature issue, health care reform, is under attack.

Most Americans now see Obamacare as a negative, primarily because they are being forced to buy insurance by the government, and they believe health care reform will be chaotic as well as very expensive.

Even in the face of repeal, Mr. Obama is not backing down, and it is the social justice component that continues to motivate him. Texas Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee articulated that:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

REP. SHEILA JACKSON LEE, D-TEXAS: The Fifth Amendment speaks specifically to denying someone their life and liberty without due process. That is what HR 2 does, and I rise in opposition to it. This bill is constitutional, and it protects the constitutional rights of those who ask the question: Must I die? Must my child die because I am now disallowed from getting insurance?

(END VIDEO CLIP)

Must your child die? Good grief. Hospitals are mandated to treat uninsured people, even if they're in the country illegally.

Also, the feds already subsidize medical insurance for the poor. Ms. Lee is hysterical.

But there is no question that health insurance companies must have stricter rules, and that is what the Republicans must put into place if they are successful in repealing  Obamacare after the president leaves office. While Obama's in office, he will veto the repeal.

The Democratic reaction to the assault on Obamacare in the House is primarily ideological, and some of the rhetoric is absolutely over the top:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

REP. STEVE COHEN, D-TENN.: They say it's a government takeover of health care. A big lie, just like Goebbels. You say it enough, you repeat the lie, you repeat the lie, you repeat the lie and eventually people believe it, like blood libel. That's the same kind of thing. The Germans said enough about the Jews and the people believed it, and you had the Holocaust.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

So you can see the intensity on the left, which wants cradle-to-grave entitlements. But liberalism has little momentum at present. The country is turning to the right. The vote in the House on Obamacare proves that.

And that's "The Memo."

Pinheads & Patriots

Actress Betty White is 89-years-old, and Wednesday on "Fox & Friends," she overwhelmed Steve Doocy:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

STEVE DOOCY, CO-HOST, "FOX & FRIENDS": Speaking of Ricky Gervais, did you see him in those -- you know, he hosted the Golden Globes.

BETTY WHITE, ACTRESS: Yes.

DOOCY: There he is in his golden...

WHITE: Yes. I saw them when he was getting dressed.

DOOCY: Were you at his house?

WHITE: He was at mine.

DOOCY: Oh, Betty.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

Are you kidding me? That was a great line, off the top of the woman's head, 89 years old.

However, some think Betty White is overexposed. Is she a patriot or a pinhead? Please vote on BillOReilly.com.

Tuesday night we showed you Miss Arkansas' yodeling ventriloquist act. Well, 78 percent feel that bit was patriotic; 22 percent say it was pinheaded.


