
BY BILL O'REILLY
Huge dog and pony show in Washington as Nancy Pelosi steps down and John Boehner becomes Speaker of the House. Republicans all over the USA are thrilled that their party will now dominate the House of Representatives and certainly change the political tone in Washington.
But will the GOP look out for us?
First on the agenda is a vote to repeal "Obamacare." As we've discussed, the vote sets the stage philosophically, but there is no way President Obama's veto will be overridden.
However, as many "Factor" viewers have pointed out, it is worthy to get all Congress people and senators on the record vis-à-vis Obamacare. When the vote takes place there will be no place for these people to hide.
But as "Talking Points" said last night, far more important than boxing President Obama in is putting forth dramatic spending cuts. The "Factor's formula is a 25 percent cut over three years, and the Republicans should lead the way in suggesting what programs should be modified.
If they do this and President Obama resists, there will likely be a Republican president in 2012. But it is entirely possible that Mr. Obama will not resist, and the nation could begin recovering from its destructive spending spree.
As the "Wall Street Journal" pointed out, the country is not governed from the House. A guy as smart as Newt Gingrich made a major mistake when he got power in '94 by overreaching. Then President Clinton was able to capitalize and become the moderate in the face of conservative ideology.
The cold truth is most Americans are not ideological. They just want an efficiently-run country with honest politicians. We saw that in the last presidential election when a very liberal inexperienced senator defeated a conservative senator with a huge amount of experience. In 2008, the country voted on economics, and that's what happened in 2010 as well.
The Republican Party does have a big chance this year. But it must be methodical, disciplined and reasonable. In the end we're all in this together, conservatives and liberals alike. We should all want a vibrant, fair-minded country.
And that's "The Memo."
PINHEADS & PATRIOTS
We are holding our poll over from Tuesday because the results are very interesting. We are asking: Is Arnold Schwarzenegger a pinhead or a patriot for his tenure as governor of California? Please vote on BillOReilly.com and we will give you the results on Thursday.


