


BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "At Your Beck and Call" segment tonight: Glenn Beck has been reporting on Google's tremendous influence over world events, and the Beckmeister has come up with some very interesting information regarding the giant corporation. I talked with him last night.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
O'REILLY: Both Beck and I are, what, limited in our Internet skills? Would that be accurate?

GLENN BECK, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: No, I'm a computer programmer, part time.

O'REILLY: Yes, I know you are. So basically, we look at the computer and then we have other people do whatever has to be done. But you have raised a very interesting storyline about Google.

BECK: Yes. Actually, I haven't. Google has. There were two people that are instrumental in the revolution of Egypt. Both of them were vice presidents of Google. When we started to do our homework on this, we found that the State Department has worked with Google and youth groups -- I think it's AYM youth group -- to organize this revolution. When you heard the president say it was just, you know, it was youth like you and it's the new media, it is social networking that brought on the revolution, he was talking about Google.
O'REILLY: But you believe they have a relationship with the State Department?

BECK: No, I don't believe it. I've seen it.
O'REILLY: So you -- you know.

BECK: We know that they are working with Google. Google has admitted it.
O'REILLY: And what does the State Department want to accomplish through Google?

BECK: The revolution in Egypt. That's what they were working on, the revolution.

O'REILLY: They wanted Mubarak out of there?

BECK: Yes. And the -- there are, I think, four or five executives that have come and gone from this administration. Now, Schmidt, who is the CEO of Google, he said some rather spooky things over the years, which we have outlined on the program. But one of the things that has happened, he stepped down two weeks ago. And he just went to a board, if you will, that is -- also on the board is Van Jones and Drummond Pike from the Tides Foundation. Google has a very tight relationship with the Tides Foundation.
O'REILLY: That's Soros' funded...

BECK: Soros helps fund that. He also has said...

O'REILLY: You think this guy is -- Schmidt is a far-left guy?
BECK: You can look at Google statements over the past, and you can see that they agree with George Soros in an open society, meaning a challenge -- not an open society like a transparent one but an actual borderless world.
O'REILLY: Right, OK, so you say that the guy who, up until a couple weeks ago, was running Google...
BECK: Yes.

O'REILLY: ...was in bed with Soros and all of this philosophically?

BECK: Philosophically. And also, there are four or five executives that are also in bed literally -- not literally -- but in bed or in the office with the president and working with the White House.

O'REILLY: Now, where does it go from here? So they influence what happened in Egypt. I think that's true.
BECK: It is.

O'REILLY: The Internet was absolutely used there.

BECK: Google, in their own words, Google, two vice presidents of Google actually helped foment revolution in Egypt, and they're proud of it.
O'REILLY: OK.

BECK: I just don't want my search engines fomenting revolutions.
O'REILLY: Absolutely. If there is a power behind the throne in America, if there is a corporation that is secretly, because this wasn't public until you figured it out, right?

BECK: Well, what -- we had one guy, and then we -- we pieced everything else together.

O'REILLY: OK. I think the folks need to know about that.

BECK: Yes. Look, here is the thing. Because they're slamming me now and saying that I...
O'REILLY: Who's slamming you?
BECK: The left. They're saying that I'm calling for a boycott of Google. I have business contracts with Google. Google is one of the most competent businesses out there, one of the only ones. I mean, you can avoid it, but you lose money if you avoid it. It's not the right thing to do, usually, for most companies. I am wary of Google. They are a competent company. But I will tell you this. I don't think they're reading anybody's e-mail, and I don't think you should boycott them. But you should understand who they are and then ask yourself, "What do I believe in? Do I believe that they are open and transparent enough to be able to feel comfortable with them?" I think there's enough warning signs here that you need to pay attention to Google.

O'REILLY: But they don't have -- they don't have -- Google itself does not have an editorial posture. It doesn't -- it's not like "The Factor" or the "Glenn Beck" Show.

BECK: No, no, no. They do in this way. They can order stories.

O'REILLY: Or they can arrange them and, say, play them up.

BECK: Yes, these are the ones when you do a search, etc., etc.

O'REILLY: So this is interesting. So you feel that right now as it stands, it's still this humongous worldwide Internet outfit?

BECK: I feel the same way that I did about Halliburton or Blackwater or GM. GM, great product, in bed with the government. Not comfortable with that. Not that they're doing anything evil right now. Not comfortable with giant...

O'REILLY: But the potential...

BECK: Big, big potential.
O'REILLY: OK. We'll keep an eye on it, Beck. Does your computer still work? Do they...
BECK: No, Google has been reading all my e-mails, so...
O'REILLY: Glenn Beck, everybody. There he is.
(END VIDEOTAPE)


