
By Bill O'Reilly
Happy Birthday Fox News! We're 15 years old. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points" memo.
Next Tuesday we'll be in Boston, officially celebrating FNC's birthday. And we will have a wild look back at 15 years on "The Factor," so set those DVRs.
But tonight it's worth pointing out that the Fox News Channel has succeeded against all odds. When we launched in 1996 we had less than 20 million potential viewers. We were simply not on most cable systems because powerful companies like CNN and NBC didn't want us on.
But we persevered, and now FNC crushes CNN, MSNBC, and CNBC in the ratings. The reason for that is two-fold. First, Fox News is the only TV news network that gives equal credibility to the conservative point of view, and that appeals to millions of conservatives who want their opinion respected, not sneered at by arrogant elitists. You fill in the name.
The second reason we have succeeded is the people who work here. We're simply better than the opposition. Our reporters are better. Our producers are sharper, framing stories to get the truth wherever it may be.
Let me give you one very vivid example of that. As you may know, most of the media despises the Tea Party. They branded it racist, idiotic and destructive to the country. But all the Tea Party really wants is less government, less spending, and more local control. That's certainly a legitimate point of view. Andrew Jackson had it. So why would any American hate the Tea Party? You can disagree with it, and I have on some issues, but why the vitriol?
On the other side of the spectrum, the liberal media likes the "Occupy Wall Street" protesters, even though some of them are breaking the law, something the Tea Party does not do. These folks basically want to blow up the entire capitalistic system to achieve so-called income equality. Simply put, they want socialism.
Trust me when I tell you few in the national media would give up their comfortable existence to give other people their stuff. So, many of us here at FNC are skeptical of the far-left demonstrators themselves and their media sympathizers. We don't make a moral equivalency between the anti-capitalist people and the Tea Party because, again, the Tea Party is peaceful and wants to work within the system and not tear it up.
So when Fox News reports, we bring a perspective that is lacking in most of the other media outlets. And thank God, most of you respect that perspective. And that's why the Fox News Channel dominates after 15 years on the air.
And that's "The Memo."
PINHEADS & PATRIOTS
Finally, "Pinheads & Patriots," starring 15-year-old Max Ashton from Phoenix, Arizona. Now, earlier this week Max, who's been blind since birth, threw out the first pitch at a playoff game between the Milwaukee Brewers and the Arizona Diamondbacks.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Max Ashton, tonight's ceremonial first pitch guest.
(APPLAUSE)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Great job, Max!
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Perfect strike. The Mets got to get him. Nice arm, Max. You're a patriot, and we're sending you an audio copy of "Killing Lincoln," because I know you want one. He's -- actually, Max asked me for one and we're happy to do it.
Also, my prayers go out to another patriot tonight. Bestselling author Vince Flynn, who is fighting the good fight against cancer. Hang in there, Vince. Everybody here at Fox News is rooting for you.

