


BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Miller Time" segment tonight: As we reported earlier this week, there was some vicious anti-American stuff coming out of the far left on the anniversary of 9/11, unfortunately. Things like we're a terrorist nation and our reaction to the 9/11 attack was shameful. New York Times columnist Paul Krugman led the way, angering former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD RUMSFELD, FORMER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (via phone): It's so outrageous for a once-great newspaper to pedal that kind of repugnant nonsense that I just gave up. And I hope and trust other people will as well. I can live without The New York Times, that's for sure.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

O'REILLY: Joining us now from Los Angeles, the sage of Southern California, Dennis Miller. Did you cancel your subscription as well, Miller?
DENNIS MILLER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I knew Rummy would, Billy. He hasn't been solid with The Times since they cancelled "Marmaduke." I had to talk him off the ledge then because he loved that pooch. He absolutely loved that pooch. So I knew that Rummy was going to be out of there.
But what does The Times matter anymore? I mean, I line my parakeet cage with it, and my parrot wouldn't take a dump for three months. He goes, "Why should I go on it? What's in it all already?" So, you know, The Times has big problems.
O'REILLY: Is that how your parrot talks, what you just did like that? Is that...
MILLER: That's my impression of my parrot squawking. You like that? That's Squawky the Parrot.

O'REILLY: All right. Now, so you raise the point that, no matter what a guy like Krugman says, it really doesn't matter. Now, then should we ignore it?

MILLER: Look it. Come on, Krugman is a nerd out in Princeton, and all of a sudden women dig him. Guys are listing him at the end of Vanity Fair as their hero. The fact is there's a nuclear winter coming for guys like Krugman. And he ought to play like the Archies going on vacation: Spin the globe and throw a dart at Scandinavia. Because Paul, whatever you're parroting hasn't worked, and it's about to come down, the curtain.
And you know, if these guys hate America so much, I guess they should look for another place. I think Krugman is bugged that he feels we have a culture where elites pass their wealth down to other kids, and he doesn't like that. Unless, of course, it's Punch Sulzberger and Pinch Sulzberger over at The Times.

O'REILLY: Sulzberger and the kid inherited the paper. Final question on this topic. Do you believe -- do you believe that Americans should do what Donald Rumsfeld did, just should walk away, or is it the freedom of speech thing? They have a right to say what they want. We can disagree with it, but we should be respectful.

MILLER: Listen, Billy. You know they're already doing that. They don't have to have Rummy to lead them out the door. The Times has circulation problems like a sumo wrestler in a thong at the top of Everest. Come on. They're going under. So, you know.

O'REILLY: A sumo wrestler in a thong at the top of Everest would be very cold. Therefore, the circulation might be a problem.

MILLER: He'd have constriction issues, as they're consumer-based stuff.

O'REILLY: All right. President Obama out on the road for the Great American Jobs Act. And you say?

MILLER: Listen, we can all play this game, and I don't want the racist dime dropped on me. This guy's first three years has been a mess, and even Democrats must know that on some level. It's an absolute mess.
But I've got to tell you. I was on vacation last week. I don't pay as much attention as I usually do when I'm on vacation. But I'm off this guy completely. First off, when he -- it's three strikes, Billy. When he came in and said he'd take public funding right off the bat and he didn't, I thought, OK. He has trouble with the truth. That's fine. Most politicians do.
Second strike was when he said he wanted unions and this card check thing to vote out loud. That's so anti-American to me when anybody has to vote out loud. I'm against that. But I was willing to give him the third shot when he's the president.
I'm on vacation last week, and I see this stiff Hoffa, and he's up there talking about, you know, essentially threatening people, calling them SOBs, and I thought well, Obama can't track everybody down who uses his name in vain. Then I hear that that's in an actual introduction to Obama. Then Obama came up right after that, and he didn't have a Sister Souljah moment where he looked at him and said, "I told you right after Gabby Giffords shut up with that crap."
I don't like Barack Obama anymore. You know why? Because he doesn't like me and around 50 percent of America. He's not sticking up for us. It's time for this guy to go next year. He's inept, and he's officially creepy after not chiding Hoffa Jr. for saying that, for God's sake.

O'REILLY: Did you ever like him, Miller? Did you ever like Barack Obama?

MILLER: Sure I did. How many months did we -- when I said, when I saw him in Grant Park that night, and I thought about, you know, black kids in this country and how they've had to look up to guys sticking syringes in their asses to hit homeruns or guys rapping about, you know, women in such misogynistic terms. I thought this is a great moment for this country to right a lot of wrong. So I came out of the box. I didn't vote for him because I thought, "This will be a good thing." Around six months in I began to get it. He's inept. He's not that good at it. He's got a little more Chicago thug in it than I thought he did. And the other day, when he didn't defend me against an idiot like Hoffa, he just lost me. I want him -- I'm voting him out next year to the best I can, which is one vote.
O'REILLY: All right. Now, Ahmadinejad coming to the U.N. And he's going to have lunch with some students at Columbia University. And you know, I'm thinking about this. If I were a student, college student and this thug came in, I'd have lunch with him, but I'd give him a hard time. So...

MILLER: Forget giving him a hard time. Have Clemenza put a dusted off gun in the water closet. Do a Michael Corleone. Go into the whiz at the student union, come out and blow his head off and get some extra credit work.
And by the way, I would tell these Columbia kids if either one of you, any of you have been married recently in New York under the new law, don't bring it up at lunch with Ahmadinejad. Because they know he's a world leader and this is going to be impressive and we're going to touch base with another guy. Do not tell him that you and Jimmy are married because he's not going to dig that. You're going to find your way on the business end of a scimitar.

O'REILLY: But if you were a student, would you have lunch with this guy?
MILLER: No.

O'REILLY: I would. I'd give him all kinds of jazz. You know. I wouldn't yell at him and do something like that. I would say you know what? Just as you said. You're treating women terribly. You treat minorities awful. You're threatening everybody. You're funding Hezbollah. You know.
MILLER: And why do I want to eat with him again?

O'REILLY: I wouldn't eat anything. I'd just...

MILLER: All right. You'd just feed him a bunch of stuff.

O'REILLY: Yes. I would -- you know, I think that would be worthy.
MILLER: Jam it down his throat, officer. When are we going out on the road again? I'm excited.

O'REILLY: October 29. And I've got the plug right here, Miller. So here. Let me do the plug.

MILLER: It's not a plug. I just wanted to tell you I'm bringing my little friend Ahmadinejad with me. You'll get to meet him.
O'REILLY: That will be good. He can sit between us. Miller and I would love to see you at the "Bolder Fresher" show if you can make it. Right now we are set at October 29 at Mohegan Sun in Connecticut; November 25 at the Landmark Theater in Richmond, Virginia; Saturday, November 26 at the Borgata Hotel in Atlantic City.
In addition, I'll be doing a book signing at Mohegan Sun, so we hope to see you there. Details on BillOReilly.com or BolderFresher.com and more dates to come.



