
By Bill O'Reilly
We told you from the jump that the American people would not tolerate a radical movement. It's just not in our DNA to do that.
In late September when the "Occupy Wall Street" protests began, a majority of Americans supported them. A TIME magazine poll in early October had 54 percent supporting the movement, 23 percent opposing and the rest not really understanding what was going on.
But today that picture has drastically changed. A new Quinnipiac poll says 39 percent of Americans now have an unfavorable view of the "Occupiers," 30 percent think they're swell, 31 percent still don't know. Obviously that's a huge turnaround.
Two weeks ago, I said this about the "Occupiers."
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BILL O'REILLY: Once they started to attack our personnel here, including John Stossel and Geraldo and all of that, I said, you know what? I don't want any part of these people.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
"Talking Points" is proud that our reporting on the "Occupiers" has been dead-on, accurate every step of the way. Violence is now defining the group. Destruction and harm to other people is front and center.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Protesters woke up to loud yells from a homeless man early Thursday morning.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I've been here for three months and I haven't been able to sleep like this lazy (EXPLETIVE DELETED). I don't give a (EXPLETIVE DELETED) who's in the tent. You want to fight? You want to get (EXPLETIVE DELETED) up.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: But protesters are no wimps. Some even fight back.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (EXPLETIVE DELETED)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The homeless man was quickly escorted out of the park.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He is mentally ill. He is a police agent. He's a Bloomberg agent.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, he is a Bloomberg agent?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Disturbing and disrupting the protest. He's not a normal guy.

(END VIDEO CLIP)
Mayor Bloomberg and the other mayors who are dealing with the protests have got to get things under control. In Oakland, at least 205 people have been arrested, and 10 police officers hurt in the ongoing fracas. There is absolutely no excuse for scenes like these, and the American people must demand that they stop now.
As for President Obama and the Democratic Party initially supporting the protests, that was misguided but understandable. The left believes the Wall Street fat cats have destroyed the economy. The truth is Wall Street did contribute to the recession, but Mr. Obama's big-spending policies have made the economy even worse. That's the truth, but it's easy to blame Wall Street greed-heads and ignore the problems the big-spending Democratic Party has brought upon the country.
There is some good news. The folks are now understanding what the "Occupy Wall Street" movement is all about, and it's not about looking out for us.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Forbes magazine analyzed the 40 highest-earning actors in Hollywood and have come up with the most overpaid thespians. Here they are: Drew Barrymore, Eddie Murphy and Will Ferrell.
For example, for every dollar Ms. Barrymore is paid, her films return 40 cents. That's not good.
However, I believe Barrymore, Murphy and Ferrell are patriots, not pinheads, for convincing people to pay them enormous sums of money. A free marketplace at work. Occupy that.

