

By Bill O'Reilly
There is no question that professional agitators have now infiltrated the ranks of the "Occupy Wall Street" movement. Reporters in a variety of places say there is tension between the non-violent protesters and "Occupiers" who want to destroy stuff. Wednesday night in Oakland, California, the destroyers won.
"Talking Points" always wants to be fair, so here's a balanced perspective. In the beginning, many of the protesters simply wanted to vent a legitimate beef: that greedy banks and brokerage houses are manipulating the economy so that working people make less money. In some cases that's true. So like the Tea Party, the "Occupiers" have some valid points.
But very quickly, anarchists, communists and violent psychopaths showed up, and now we have chaos. The worst part is that the chaos is being manipulated and financed at a very high level. Listen to United Steelworkers President Leo Gerard.

(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)
LEO GERARD, PRESIDENT, UNITED STEELWORKERS INTERNATIONAL: Damn right Wall Street "Occupiers" speak for us. We ought to be doing more than occupying parks. We ought to start occupying bridges. We start occupying the banks, places themselves. I mean, I just think that this is nuts.

(END AUDIO CLIP)
"Talking Points" thinks Mr. Gerard is nuts openly calling for violence. You don't walk into a private business to stop commerce and not expect there to be a confrontation. Gerard's position is flat-out irresponsible.
On Thursday in The New York Times, somebody paid for an expensive ad that said, "How much money does one need?" And that is the crux of the matter. In a free society, it's nobody's business how much money one needs. And who is supposed to make that decision anyway? President Obama? Come on. This is a free country, not a totalitarian state. We don't dictate incomes here.
Bottom line again, the "Occupy" protest has been hijacked by extremists, and more violence is on the way.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
The House Commerce Committee has voted to subpoena all White House documents concerning Solyndra, the bankrupt solar panel company that received more than a half-billion dollars from the U.S. government. Now we find out that the former CEO of Solyndra, Chris Gronet, received $456,000 when he was fired last July. Of course, Mr. Gronet is a pinhead, but so are those who continue to support this amazing waste of taxpayer dollars.


