
By Bill O'Reilly
First, the stats; there are about 315 million people currently living in the USA and about three million of them are millionaires. That according to a wealth report from Merrill Lynch.
So, we're not a country dominated by fat cats. The real power in America lies with the working class folks. According to the Spectrum Group about 30 percent of millionaires attribute their status to inherited wealth. We're talking the DuPonts, Roosevelts, Kennedys, those folks.
So most wealthy Americans are self-made. Therefore, the question becomes what is the beef from the Obama administration? Why are they trying to demonize Americans like me who have made money the old fashioned way? We've earned it.
Speaking in Ohio yesterday, Vice President Biden once again lashed out.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
VICE PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN: I resent when they talk about families like mine that I grew up in. I resent the fact that they think we're talking about we're envy; it's job envy; it's wealth envy. That we don't dream. My mother and father believed that if my brother or sister wanted to be a millionaire, they could be a millionaire. My mother and father dreamed as much as any rich guy dreams. They don't get us. They don't get who we are.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: And that's true, Mr. Biden. I don't get you. In fact, I don't know what you're talking about. You came from humble beginnings, you made it big. Same with me. What's the problem? By the way, I give millions to charity. But you, Mr. Vice President, give only... nothing, very nearly nothing. I don't get that.
Bottom line, this is all a bunch of garbage. The class warfare the Obama administration is peddling is bogus. Wealthy people are not responsible for the bad economy. Bad federal policies and corrupt financial greed heads are responsible.
Rich people pay most of the income tax in this country; 50 percent of the population pays no federal income tax at all. Wealthy people create jobs. The Occupy Wall Street protesters break windows. Are you getting this, Joe? Do I have to come to your lavish house in Delaware and explain it to you man to man?
And one more thing; if the Obama administration continues this foolishness, it will get its collective butt kicked next November. Working Americans aren't buying it. Only far left zealots who want to tear down the capitalistic system are down with Joe Biden's analysis.
Finally, my folks didn't have very much, but I never, never heard them run down rich people. I write in my newspaper column about that this week. It is available on BillOReilly.com.
And that's "The Memo."
"Pinheads & Patriots."
Our pals Mary Matalin and James Carville are now doing commercials for booze.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: It isn't about the Tea Party.
MARY MATALIN, REPUBLICAN STRATEGIST: It isn't about the Green Party.
CARVILLE: It isn't about the Independent Party.
MATALIN: It isn't about the Libertarian Party.
CARVILLE: It isn't about the Democratic Party.
MATALIN: And it isn't about the Republican Party.
CARVILLE: But it is about the cocktail party. Maker's Mark proudly supports the cocktail party.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, if there's one guy I don't want to have too many cocktails, it's Carville. You can decide whether the spot is "Pinheaded or Patriotic."

