
By Bill O'Reilly
For about a week now we have been reporting on a mob attack in Norfolk that may be racially motivated.
Here are the facts. Two reporters for the "Virginian Pilot" newspaper beaten by a mob of young African-Americans last month. Only one arrest has been made despite the fact that scores of people witnessed the assault.
At first the Norfolk police classified the crime as a bias attack. Cops now say that was a mistake. However, the two victims have filed complaints against the police department saying it did not act aggressively enough in solving the crime.
Even though the two reporters could not work for a full week, the "Pilot" newspaper refused to report the story for two weeks. And neither did the local TV stations, to be fair they may not have known about it but the newspapers certainly did.
A number of people have said the attacks were in retaliation for the Trayvon Martin case. The victims have received death threats and security has been protecting them.
"The Factor" reported all of that and we knew, we knew that some in Norfolk would try to hurt us for doing so. The spear point for that is WAVY-TV the NBC affiliate there. Here is a sample of what they ran last night.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Another layer in a mob beating investigation in Norfolk and a national TV show is once again shining a negative spotlight on the city.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Now, Fox News' Bill O'Reilly is getting involved Andy Fox reports Norfolk leaders are livid by what they call irresponsible journalism -- Andy.
ANDY FOX: Nicole they are livid. "The O'Reilly Factor" spent Sunday in Norfolk. He spoke with a few people. He confronted the "Virginian Pilot" editor and then he left town, the producer did. Yesterday Bill O'Reilly put a show on the air that Norfolk officials claim is grossly unfair.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And new tonight at 11:00, Bill O'Reilly was at it again tonight. Tonight on his show he again focused on whether race plays into the story.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Sure, Bill O'Reilly is at it again. Singling out poor Norfolk, Virginia for unfair scrutiny. Yes.
So instead of joining us in trying to get justice for the crime victims, instead of trying to figure out why... why a mob of young black Americans would attack two innocent people for no reason at all, instead of doing that, the TV station says Bill O'Reilly is at it again.
Yes, I am. I would like to see justice and definition in the case. We asked the news director Jim Gilchriest to appear on "The Factor" this evening but he can't because he is hiding under his desk he's wedged in.
So let me ask you this question Mr. Gilchriest, if two WAVY reports were beaten by a mob, would you not try to get to the bottom of it? There you go. Have a nice night.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Actor Johnny Depp, promoting a new film, "Dark Shadows"... was asked about creating the character of Willie Wonka.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOHNNY DEPP, ACTOR: The idea behind Willie Wonka, certain ingredients you add to these characters. And Willie Wonka, for example, was I imagined what George Bush would be like incredibly... incredibly stoned.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Verruca. It's very nice to meet you, sir.
DEPP PLAYING WONKA: I always thought a Veruca was a type of wart you got on the bottom of your foot.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, someone is certainly stoned in that analysis. Mr. Depp is a "Pinhead." I can't call him a pothead because I simply don't know.

