
By Laura Ingraham
There is pretty much nowhere you can go online today without seeing a reference to a Joe Biden gaffe or outrageous statement he's made. One day he is telling a heavily black audience that, "Republicans want you all in chains." And then he confuses time and place.
Rudy Giuliani addressed this yesterday on "Meet The Press".
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
RUDY GIULIANI (R), FORMER NEW YORK CITY MAJORY: Joe is a laugh line on -- on Jay Leno. He is not a Vice President. And we just say he does a joke. You never know what he is going to say. In one week he thought he was in the wrong state. He thought he was in the wrong century. He didn't know that Paul Ryan was a congressman.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: But it's far more than a laugh line. Joe Biden may be fun to have a beer with but is this really the best that the President could give us as his number two?
Choosing a vice president is one of the most important decisions any president or presidential candidate will ever make. Recent events indicate that President Obama has failed in this responsibility and therefore serious people should start asking the question is Joe Biden fit for the presidency in the events that something should happen to Barack Obama?
Leave it to Washington journalists though to focus only on whether Biden is a political liability for the President's re-election.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DAVID GREGORY, NBC NEWS HOST: You heard Republicans this week saying he is a joke. That he should be dumped from the ticket. Is he doing more harm than good to the President?
CHUCK TODD, NBC NEWS CHIEF WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: I don't think so. We have to remember Rudy and Biden have a little bit of a history.
GREGORY: Yes.
TODD: When Biden that came with that hit four years ago, "All you hear from Giuliani, is noun, verb and 9/11." And it really sort of had a weird impact on Giuliani got the comedians. So I think there is a little bit of a personal vendetta between the two.
But I'll say this about Biden. I mean I think what they like him for is what he does in the hand-to-hand campaigning.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: You notice how there is really no concern about whether Biden really has the ability to take over as president? Just dismissed out of hand, well, it seems the only reason for Obama not to replace Biden today involves a purely political calculation.
In other words, he thinks dumping Biden for someone who is actually qualified and prepared to lead the nation would be bad for Barack Obama. So Biden stays. Replace the "h" in the hope poster for with "n" for nope and that sums it up.
This is why people are more turned off by politics it seems with each election. Politicians spend more time protecting their own jobs than figuring out how to grow them in a flailing economy.
And that's "The Memo."

