
By Bill O'Reilly
Predictably the American left is attacking Congressman Ryan. They say he's an extremist, insensitive to the poor, brutal to the elderly.
While Mr. Ryan looks like a nice guy, liberals are painting him as a political Bernie Madoff. Alec Baldwin saying the Congressman is a fringe selection. Quote; "Ryan is Palin".
Michael Moore says "Ryan and Romney showed their militaristic colors by representing themselves on a battleship in Norfolk, Virginia." For some reason Moore finds that offensive.
My personal favorite is actress Eva Longoria who puts forth that, "Paul Ryan voted against equal pay for women." How could he?" In reality, what Ryan did was vote against the Lily Ledbetter Act which extended the amount of time a woman could sue for pay discrimination. So Eva's analysis sounds kind of desperate. Pardon the reference.
But my favorite reaction so far comes from our pal Dan Rather who is too frightened to come on this broadcast.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DAN RATHER: Right now Ryan looks like he is toxic for the ticket. It could be as we get deeper in the campaign that this intelligent man, he is intelligent, and serious man will show something that people do not now see.
This is toxic in Florida. I'm not saying Romney will lose Florida. I am saying that as of today he has less chance of carrying it than he had before which is one reason he went to Florida by himself. He didn't send Ryan to Florida.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: As "Talking Points" said last night Paul Ryan will have to convince the elderly voters in Florida and all over the country that he is not their enemy. If the Congressman is unable to do that he will not help the Romney ticket.
But as I said last night, I believe Mitt Romney made a smart selection in Paul Ryan. The Congressman well understands that America is in trouble. He has thought about solving the very complex economic problems that face us and whether you like his viewpoint or not, he is responsible and patriotic.
Honest Democrats like Erskine Bowles, President Clinton's chief of staff know that.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ERSKINE BOWLES: And the budget he came forward with is just like Paul Ryan. It is a sensible straightforward, honest, serious budget and it cut the budget deficit just like we did by $4 trillion.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Mr. Bowles is referring to the Simpson/Bowles committee report which the President connected. A footnote, Bowles criticized Ryan last week so he may be changing his mind.
Summing up, Paul Ryan must convince Independent voters that he's not a demon. He has to keep it simple and avoid answering far left propaganda. Brit Hume interviewed the Congressman earlier today and I will analyze that interview a bit later on.
And that's "The Memo."

