
By Bill O'Reilly
Some conservative Americans believe President Obama intentionally wants to hurt the country. That he's a Communist or a Socialist or whatever.
But "Talking Points" does not speculate about things that cannot be proven. Although in our second segment tonight we will discuss Mr. Obama's youthful association with a hard core Communist.
However, there are a number of hidden agendas on the left that can be proven. We all know about the medical marijuana ruse where states like California and Colorado gave licenses to pot shops and now have to close them down because of all the social problems they are causing. In those states anybody can walk in with an alleged pain in their toe and walk out with an intoxicant. Again, it's a ruse to legalize marijuana.
Now, we have something that ups the drug ante. Yesterday in the "New York Times" editorialized that some hard core dealers, drug dealers are actually victims who should not be put in prison. This is another ruse to try to get hard drugs decriminalized in the USA.
I mean, think about it. About 30,000 Americans will die from illegal drug overdoses this year alone... 30,000. Another 23 million Americans are drug-involved. Addicted or dependent on things like heroin, cocaine and meth.
So let me ask you a question. If your daughter turns up dead tonight from an overdose of narcotics, do you think the person who sold her those drugs is a victim? Do you think that person does not deserve to spend time in prison? If you do think that, you could be mentally ill. That's how extreme the "New York Times" position is.
Selling drugs is a violent act. They hurt people. They enslave them. Cause AIDS when you inject the drugs. They cause people to commit heinous crimes, prostitute themselves. But the far left loons, they don't care about that. They want the drugs legalized. The unintended consequences be damned. So far the country has not fallen for the legalization garbage but the far left is pushing it in a stealth way.
And then there is the Occupy Wall Street Movement, which the liberal press praised all over the place. Remember that?
Well, now we find out again in the "New York Times" that there is only one, one active Occupy group still causing trouble. You may remember "Talking Points" said the occupiers were through last November when they began turning violent. Well, it turns out the City of Oakland has been just about destroyed by these punks, who last Friday night, even attacked President Obama's campaign office.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Obama is just as corrupt as (EXPLETIVE DELETED) everybody else. (EXPLETIVE DELETED) Obama.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: According to the "Times" the Occupy Movement is awash in drugs and hard core anarchy. But you won't hear that being reported on the network news. By the way I have to give the "New York Times" here for telling the truth.
We are living in an age where the truth is hard to come by. Where there are hidden agendas all over the place. It's my job to expose those agendas, thus the "Talking Points" memo this evening.
And that is "The Memo."

