
By Bill O'Reilly
T-Points congratulates Newt Gingrich for his victory in South Carolina on Saturday and we suggest... we suggest that he send candy and flowers to ABC News and CNN. Those agencies tried to use the Speaker's former wife against him and in a brilliant political move Mr. Gingrich turned what could have been an embarrassing situation into a major victory, by pointing out the inappropriateness of the situation vis-a-vis the media.
Now, there is no question that many conservative Americans believe the news media demeans them. It's very personal which is why the Fox News Channel is now the dominant prime time news agency in America. We don't demean traditional Americans, we respect them.
So when Gingrich when after John King from CNN and lashed him for opening last week's debate with a tabloid questions, voters in South Carolina cheered and that turned the tide in favor of the Speaker. Now Mr. Gingrich used another right target.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GINGRICH: One of the key issues... and I'm prepared to take this straight at the President and frankly straight at the elite media... one of the key issues is the growing anti-religious bigotry of our elites. And if you get a chance, if you go to Newt.org, my campaign site, there's a 54- page paper there on the balance of power putting the judiciary back in its proper role and eliminating dictatorial religious bigots.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right, now just like the media many religious Americans believe there are forces trying to hurt them or at the very least practicing condescension toward people of faith.
The Speaker's attack line presents a huge problem for Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum. Gingrich is running on emotion using a very high voltage presentation. Santorum and especially Romney are much more contained. Conservative disenchantment with President Obama is so high that many voters are looking for an avenger, someone who will take the fight to the President therefore Governor Romney in particular seem kind of milquetoast, but Romney and Santorum are not ceding anything.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
RICK SANTORUM (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Look, Newt is a good friend of mine, and I'm... and period. He's a good friend of mine and I like Newt and he's a brilliant guy who has tons of ideas. The issue is discipline, the issue is leadership. He's a high, a very high risk candidate.
GOV. CHRIS CHRISTIE (R), NEW JERSEY: He was run out of the speakership by his own party. He was fined $300,000 for ethics violations. This is a guy who's had a very difficult political career at times and has been an embarrassment to the party.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Governor Christie, of course, speaking for Governor Romney. The latest Rasmussen poll in Florida has Gingrich 41 percent; Romney at 32 and Santorum at 11. "Talking Points" expect that to tighten as the vote is a week from tomorrow. But if Newt Gingrich wins big in Florida, Mitt Romney will be in dire trouble.
And that's "The Memo."

Pinheads & Patriots
Actress/singer Kristen Chonoweth gave a rousing rendition of "The Star-Spangled Banner" in San Francisco yesterday but was unfortunately interrupted by pinheads.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KRISTEN CHENOWETH, ACTRESS/SINGER: Oh, say can you see by the dawn's early light what so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now come on, it's the national anthem. You don't cheer or boo individual players during that. Good grief.
Pinheads are limited.



