




BILL O'REILLY, HOST: Thanks for staying with us. I'm Bill O'Reilly.
In "The Kelly File" segment tonight, sign of the times: students trying to hurt their teachers using the Internet. It's happening all over the place. High-school kids provoking their teachers in classroom and secretly recording the meltdowns on their cell phones. Of course, the embarrassing video then gets posted on the Net.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you know who started the fire in this school? No. Me.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right. Here now, attorney and FOX News anchor Megyn Kelly, fresh off her coverage of the New Hampshire primary. We'll get to that in a moment. First, where was that? Do you know where that took place?
MEGYN KELLY, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Nashville, Tennessee.
O'REILLY: All right. So basically every kid has a cell phone now, and every kid can take a picture. That's the problem, in my opinion. In the classroom, no kid should have a cell phone...
KELLY: I agree with that.
O'REILLY: ... or a recording device at all.
KELLY: I totally agree with that. And by the way, that guy, I know it looks bad on camera. But they had apparently been provoking him and provoking him. He had a nervous breakdown. We were watching what the authorities said was ultimately a nervous breakdown.
O'REILLY: And he had to be hospitalized.
KELLY: He had to be hospitalized. Taken away on a stretcher. Placed on administrative leave. I mean, listen, you can't blame it all on the students. You know, because sometimes students are unruly and lots of teachers have to handle it, but they don't have a nervous breakdown.
O'REILLY: Well, you're talking to one.
KELLY: I know.
O'REILLY: You're talking to one.
KELLY: You tell me, I was interested to ask you about this, Bill. What would you do if a group of students targeted you...
O'REILLY: Yes.
KELLY: ... like this, trying to incite to you to behave that way? How would you control it?
O'REILLY: You've got to have enough discipline to isolate the people. What I did very, very quickly on people who would try to challenge me in the classroom, try to provoke me was I'd just get them out, out of the classroom right away.
KELLY: All of them. If it's ten, they're all gone?
O'REILLY: OK, and the assistant principal, you march them down and say these people are...
KELLY: Does it start even before, like, day one before you go into the classroom? The way you project your image and your strength.
O'REILLY: Yes, in the high school I taught in Ocala, Florida, it was the crack capital of the world. There was a teacher who was very weak, a woman teacher. And the students just tortured this woman, tortured her, because they knew, no matter how she yelled or whatever she did, she wouldn't take any action against them.
KELLY: But now you have all these parents, if you're stern, if you yell -- could you be you in the classroom today?
O'REILLY: Absolutely. I don't care about the parents.
KELLY: When they say, "O'Reilly is too mean. We don't want him teaching our kids. He raised his voice."
O'REILLY: That's fine. Then fire me. Not only in teaching but in broadcasting. You don't like what I do, fire me. OK? I never do that.
KELLY: And they did many times.
O'REILLY: I never got fired. Never got fired. I got ostracized, but I never got fired.
Now, is there a law -- is there a law in the state where you -- it's two parties like California. You can't tape anybody if you're in a...
KELLY: It depends. It depends. Certain states require two-party consent.
O'REILLY: Right.
KELLY: Most states only require one-party consent.
O'REILLY: That's bad.
KELLY: But what they need is not another law. They need the schools to have regulations within the schools saying -- I agree with you. No cell phones during school hours.
O'REILLY: No cell phones in the classrooms period.
KELLY: Period.
KELLY: I understand parents want to give them cell phones for emergencies.
O'REILLY: Yes, after school, you need to get in touch with them.
KELLY: During school hours...
O'REILLY: No.
KELLY: ... no cell phones. And there should be rules prohibiting the kids from posting pictures that they've taken in the classrooms online. That's one of the ways they go after.
O'REILLY: Sure, you go in the locker room, you can do all kinds of nasty stuff, and they do. And they do.
KELLY: There's no reason to subject students.
O'REILLY: Kelly and I just solved it. No cell phones during the school day. That's it.
KELLY: Yes. And you do this to a teacher you're facing expulsion.
O'REILLY: So you -- you were anchoring with Baier up in New Hampshire. That was you, right?
KELLY: That was me. Got it on tape.
O'REILLY: And you were sitting there seven hours. Right?
KELLY: That was Iowa. Seven hours we did Iowa, because you know, the race was so tight.
O'REILLY: How long were you on the set in New Hampshire?
KELLY: Only two, a mere two. It was nothing. That was like -- cake.
O'REILLY: What's the -- sitting there for that long period of time, I mean, do they give you a little break so you can run out?
KELLY: They didn't. As a matter of fact, in Iowa there we are for seven hours.
O'REILLY: Yes.
KELLY: And after seven hours. I mean, come on. People needed a break, if you know what I'm saying. So finally around 1:30 in the morning, they said...
O'REILLY: If you said to them, "Nature is calling. I've got to get out of here," they said no?
KELLY: Bret Baier had been saying that for about six hours. Nobody said, "OK, go to the bathroom."
O'REILLY: They wanted to torture him. But you know, it's different with you.
KELLY: No. Finally, they let us go. They let Chris Wallace in to do an extended segment from New York.
And we ran. You had to see me and Bret just running out, running, running, running to the restroom.
O'REILLY: I wish we had that on cell-phone video.
Now, the race in New Hampshire was called one minute after 8.
KELLY: Yes.
O'REILLY: And then you've got nothing to talk about.
KELLY: Yes, exactly right.
O'REILLY: Then what are we going to do for two hours?
KELLY: There's more drama when it's close. But my favorite part of election day is we get to find out before the night really gets going. So when we go on the air we kind of know. Because they tell us at 5:30 based on the exit polls what they know.
O'REILLY: OK. Is there ever a time when you're going to yourself, "I don't have anything to say." They're coming to me and I don't know what to say"?
KELLY: After seven hours? After seven hours on the air? Yes. And they didn't -- this is what it was like at 3 a.m. Because I know you weren't up watching.
O'REILLY: I didn't watch that evening.
KELLY: But after seven hours literally it resorted to this. Let's take a look at the studio. Who's still here? There's Maureen the makeup artist. There's Gabby, my assistant.
O'REILLY: Right.
KELLY: Somebody brought up pizza.
O'REILLY: I think it should be that way. I think if you sit around and have the Chinese food come in, just kick back.
KELLY: It was top notch. But you know what? Still one in the ratings.
O'REILLY: That's right. We always do. FOX News Channel, Megyn Kelly.



