
By Bill O'Reilly
We expect a very close vote next November 6th. And the polls will go up and down back and forth until then.
But what Mitt Romney absolutely has to do if he hopes to defeat Barack Obama is win the three debates. Now, we have seen the Governor debate well and we have seen him get his butt kicked.
But, the best we've seen Mr. Romney was back in 1994 when he was running against Ted Kennedy for the Senate. That debate was intense and included some of the same issues that are on the table today.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
TED KENNEDY, FORMER SENATOR, MASSACHUSETTS: Mr. Romney has characterized one of his prime reasons, qualification for the United States Senate is his business background. Therefore, it's legitimate to look for what kind of jobs that he has created. The kind of jobs that he has created are part-time jobs and minimum wage jobs primarily that don't have any health insurance.
Now, that is not the kind of jobs that I want to create.
ROMNEY: In my view that attack on part-time workers not having health insurance is the height of hypocrisy. Senator Kennedy and his family have a multiple real estate empire across this country including the Chicago Merchandise Mart, the jewel of their empire. That Merchandise Mart has a free cash flow of reportedly $20 million a year.
Senator, I'm sure you know that your workers who are part-time employees don't have health insurance there, don't you?
DEBATE MODERATOR: Senator, 15 seconds.
KENNEDY: Mr. Romney... Mr. Romney there's a very big major difference. That is. You don't even afford access to your part-time workers where 66 -- excuse me -- of the American people do provide it. We at least provide the access and many of those part-time workers take it and it's a shared responsibility and you don't know if you even meet that mean standard.
DEBATE MODERATOR: Senator Kennedy and Mr. Romney.
ROMNEY: I'm sorry Senator, I don't know what you're talking about. Well, you don't provide health insurance for your part-time people.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Will Mitt Romney finally show that kind of passion in his run for the presidency? He needs to. Back in '94, Senator Kennedy easily defeated Romney but that was expected the Kennedys rule in Massachusetts.
But now Governor Romney has a very good chance to unseat President Obama because the economy is bad and the President is governing, at least domestically, as a far-left guy. America is a centrist country so Romney has two big advantages at his disposal but he must, must bring the challenge right to the President in very personal ways.
Not by attacking Obama the man, that's a mistake. But by taking facts and confronting Mr. Obama with them in a very vivid way as he just did, as you just saw with Senator Kennedy.
John McCain did not do that to then-Senator Obama. He stayed completely away from Mr. Obama's left-wing background. Romney has to highlight it. Again, whoever wins the debates wins the election.
And that's "The Memo."
"Pinheads & Patriots"
Earlier this month, President Obama honored the songwriters Burt Bacharach and Hal David at the White House, and Mike Myers participated because he referenced those guys in the Austin Powers movies.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MIKE MYERS, ACTOR/COMEDIAN (singing): You and your pussy cat.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right. I'm a big Myers fan, so he's a "Patriot."

