
By Bill O'Reilly
Governor Scott Walker keeping his job defeating the progressive forces by a wide margin yesterday. At issue... future compensation for state union workers. The governor wants to cut that back, the left does not.
But since cities and counties are going bankrupt all over the USA because they can't pay the big pensions and because public workers often make far more money than private workers who do the same job, Americans are finally beginning to wise up.
Simply put. There is no more money! Governments throughout the USA can't afford any more expenditures period. Governor Walker knows that. And he has done a pretty good job turning the Wisconsin economy around. The deficit there is down big time and unemployment is dropping as well.
So, why on earth would you want to throw the man out? Ideology that's why.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This hurts us all. Every single one of you out there in the nation, if you're watching, democracy died tonight.
CNN REPORTER: You are very emotional.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm very emotional because we all had a lot invested in this. This was it. If we didn't win tonight, the end of the USA as we know it just happened.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Sure. Now that man, that guy... he has no idea what democracy is, the folks voted. His side lost. That's democracy, you pinhead, with all due respect.
The question going forward, what does the Wisconsin vote mean for President Obama? "Talking Points" believes it is very, very bad news.
Mr. Obama is running to the left this time around, four years ago he portrayed himself as a moderate. But now that's changed. The President has embraced gay marriage. Will not support major cuts in federal budget spending without tax hikes, does not seem to be very concerned about the $16 trillion debt and continues to promote his social justice economic programs.
The President also remains enthusiastic about massive government investment in green energy while just today... just today we find out that the Fisker car company which has received about $200 million in government assistance, may drop its entire electric car program.
Time after time after time green energy investments proved to be unworthy. The goal is worthy. But for whatever reason, the feds have not been able to make progress in the green area despite spending many, many billions of dollars.
So, as we see in Wisconsin the folks have had enough. They are not buying the progressive economic vision anymore. Therefore the President finds himself on the wrong side of history.
And that's "The Memo"
Pinheads & Patriots
As we reported earlier this week, Nadya Suleiman, the Octomom, who has 14 children, is desperate for money. So she's made a porn film and was going to promote by doing a strip club act.
In fact, the was booked at "Tease Lounge" in West Palm Beach. But now, she's cancelled, her representative saying somebody at "Tease" was making fun of her. Hard to believe.
But the story does have a serious side. We hope California authorities are watching these poor children who are in Ms. Suleiman's charge. We believe they may be in danger. The woman, of course, is a "Pinhead," but the state of California has a responsibility here.

