
By Bill O’Reilly
It used to be that liberals are the most ardent advocates of free speech. The ACLU is in business to promote speech, or so they say.
But now the far-left is a primary source of censorship in America. Simply put, they do not want to hear opposing points of view. Enter the vicious Media Matters outfit which is in business of demonizing anyone with whom they disagree. As you may know Media Matters is heavily funded by far-left zealots like George Soros and they are dishonest to the core.
Last week we showed you a clip they used of me analyzing gas prices only they cut out the part where I criticize Republicans trying to persuade folks that I'm being unfair to President Obama. That "Talking Points" is available on BillOReilly.com and proves beyond any doubt that Media Matters has no integrity whatsoever.
Their latest campaign is against Rush Limbaugh. Media Matters is spending about $100,000 to run radio ads targeting stations that carry Mr. Limbaugh.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PROGRESSIVE AD: Local station, WLS, broadcasts a radio host who repeatedly attacked a female student for no other reason than her participation in a public debate about women's health. WLS shouldn't talk about women this way. Our community deserves better than this.
This community service announcement was paid for by Media Matters for America.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, a Limbaugh spokesman has issued a statement, quote: "These Media Matters mobs bear a simple message "Renounce our enemies or become one of them." They barrage small business with threats until they cancel their advertising", unquote.
Media Matters was somewhat successful in damaging Glenn Beck's brand although he is prospering right now on the net. Emboldened by that, they are going after Limbaugh who is target number one for liberal America.
There is something very fascist about all of this. Shut down your opposition, don't let them speak. Punish people who support them. In every totalitarian state in the world that is tactic number one. Silence the opposition.
Last week "Talking Points" suggested to the Media Research Center, a conservative group, that they re-think their call for some MSNBC people to be fired. The point is the same. Silencing those with whom you disagree does not help the country. The marketplace should handle it. Nobody has to listen to Rush Limbaugh or to MSNBC and in the latter case, few do.
Unless an opinion is violent, or slanderous, it should be allowed. There's no question Mr. Limbaugh got hurt and he has apologized for his Sandra Fluke comments. Also, no question that the marketplace dictated that apology and that's the way things should work in a free society.
And that's “The Memo.”
Pinheads and Patriots
And finally tonight, talking about sisters, it took only five months for the Oprah Winfrey Network to cancel Rosie O'Donnell's talk show. Ms. O'Donnell has reacted.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ROSIE O'DONNELL, COMEDIAN: It's fair. Listen, Oprah gave me an amazing shot at doing this. She really did. She put me back on TV. She believed in me. I didn't even know if I could do it again, truthfully. And she said, "I think you can."
And I said, "I think I can, too." And off I came here to Chicago with the best of intentions, trying, really, to do, you know -- I don't know -- what I thought would be kind of easy for me, but it wasn't really that easy.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Ok, that was a great humble statement, so in this instance… in this instance… Ms. O'Donnell is a “Patriot.”

