


BILL O'REILLY: Personal story segment tonight, actor Kelsey Grammer, won a Golden Globe award for his portrayal of a Chicago mayor in the program "Boss" on the Stars Network.
Season 2 begins tomorrow evening. And here is Mr. Grammer. Researching this, a long way from the cheers bar, what did you learn about politicians?
KELSEY GRAMMER, ACTOR: Well, you know, it's funny the show itself is not really about politicians. It's about human behavior and a guy who wants to hang on to power. Now, do I think it's possible this is something we would see in Washington, D.C., for instance? Yes, I do. Are they as ruthless as I am? Probably not and I certainly hope not.
O'REILLY: Chicago politicians certainly throughout the years.
GRAMMER: That's a very colorful array -- the writer of the show calls it operatically corrupt.
O'REILLY: Did you research Daley and his father and all these guys to get an idea of how they conducted themselves on a day-to-day basis?
GRAMMER: You know, it's funny. We did do a whole research about the history of mayors in Chicago. That's really the life's blood of this guy. We know something about Mayor Daley. Of course, I had dinner with his son who was also Mayor Daley for a time and dinner with Mayor Emanuel.
O'REILLY: You had.
GRAMMER: Yes.
O'REILLY: Now that's interesting. You had dinner with Emanuel who is polar opposite from you in political point of view. Did you discuss politics?
GRAMMER: Well, actually just a little bit. At that time, he was getting some heat actually for racial profiling.
O'REILLY: He was?
GRAMMER: Which was really interesting, he said I'm not profiling race, I'm profiling behavior.
O'REILLY: Did he object to anything that you said in political realms? Did he call you obscene name? Because the language he use recommendation I don't know if I can say it.
GRAMMER: We've bleep in. Hi. How are you go and -- myself now.
O'REILLY: Just get it out of the way. You had a pleasant dinner.
GRAMMER: We had a lovely dinner and lovely talk. I think they were all concerned actually if I was out to do a hit piece on either one of them Mayor Daley and Mayor Emanuel. But the scope of the show is actually all about more than that it's more about a man who is struggling to keep power.
O'REILLY: Now, does anybody give you any jazz when you go home to L.A.? I saw Mr. Crammar in Chicago a few weeks ago when Miller and I were there. We were almost arrested. We escaped, but do you get any heat when you go back because you are a Republican, a conservative guy.
GRAMMER: It's not really heat. No, I have lively speculation about certain conversations. I have read some things about how pathetic it is to be a Republican in Hollywood. There is this little group called friends of Abe.
O'REILLY: You are a member of that group.
GRAMMER: I'm a member of that group. There have been some derisive comments about that.
O'REILLY: But nothing personal to you?
GRAMMER: Not that I know about.
O'REILLY: I would have loved to have been on a set with you, Ted Danson and Woody Harrelson. You can't get more left wing than those guys.
GRAMMER: Pretty left wing.
O'REILLY: Here you go the on the other side.
GRAMMER: It's funny, Ratzenberger used to be on the other side. He made the transition.
O'REILLY: As soon as he came on the factor he made the transition. So did you guys talk politics back in the day?
GRAMMER: You know, once in a while. I have always been a small government guy. That's why I just think that the private sector and society can take better care of itself than the government can.
O'REILLY: Did they get heated because another left wing woman? Did they get heated when you came in and said I like the conservative guys a little bit, throw a beer stein at you.
GRAMMER: They would say things this is actually our phrase, say if he runs, -- remember when they were having the recall in the governorship. Somebody said maybe Kelsey is going to run. I said I hope he does declare that he is running because I'm going to contribute a million dollars tomorrow to defeat him.
O'REILLY: Who said that?
GRAMMER: One of the producers of the show.
O'REILLY: You were outnumbered.
GRAMMER: I'm always outnumbered.
O'REILLY: All right, the show is "Boss" on the Stars Network. It's good to see you, Kelsey. Thanks for coming in. Appreciate it. Lou Dobbs vs. Barney frank the main event.



