
By Bill O'Reilly
One of the really annoying things about my job is when I confront a political partisan with a fact they often dodge it by dredging up a diversion to petty fog the issue.
Example... Mitt Romney put his dog on top of his car and drove to Canada. What about that? Oh, yes? Well, Barack Obama ate a cocker spaniel in Indonesia. What? What does that have to do with Romney's situation?
Now, we have a front page "Washington Post" report says when Mitt Romney was 18 years old, about 50 years ago, he hazed a gay guy in prep school. And then I turn on the TV last night and instead of dealing with the absurdity of that story, some pundits are referring to other politicians doing even worse stuff.
Here in America we often justify bad behavior by pointing to other bad behavior, which is what they do in 3rd grade. Now, let's take a look at this Romney prep school thing. First of all it's dumb. Everybody does stupid things in high school. I shot Justin McDevitt in the back with a BB gun. Justin was unarmed. I don't know why I did it. I hope can I keep my job.
If there was a pattern of behavior, if Mitt Romney was hazing people all the time, if while Governor of Massachusetts, Romney shaved Barney Frank's head, then you might have a story. But a prep school prank? Come on.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ROMNEY: I don't recall the incident myself, but I have seen the reports. And I'm not going to argue with that. There is no question that I did some stupid things when I was in high school. And obviously if I hurt anyone by virtue of that I would be very sorry for it and apologize for it.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: "Talking Points" wants to ask "The Washington Post" what is the statute of limitations on dopey teenage behavior, does it ever run out? In addition to shooting Justin I think I hit Sharon Patterson with a snow ball when I was 14. Can you believe this nonsense?
But that is politics in America today. Got you, get you, humiliate you. The Romney story means nothing, period.
And that's "The Memo."
"Pinheads and Patriots."
When President Obama came out in favor of gay marriage, the cable news networks covered the story big-time in primetime. On MSNBC, they had 14 pro-gay marriage guests and zero... zero... anti-gay marriage guests! That's good coverage.
On CNN, they had 11 pro-gay marriage guests, three anti-gay marriage! Fox News, three pro-gay marriage, two anti-gay marriage. Once again, fair and balanced wins. We are "Patriots."

