


BILL O'REILLY, HOST: "Culture Warriors Segment" tonight. If you visit the Supreme Court you'll notice the 10 commandments on display. Traditionally the United States has been defined as a Judeo-Christian nation that is we based our laws on religious tradition -- what is right and what is wrong.
But now a Federal Judge Michael Urbanski, suggesting that the 10 commandments be reduced to six. Here now to explain the "Culture Warriors" Jeanine Pirro and Gretchen Carlson. All right, Carlson, what exactly is the -- is the legal case surrounding Judge Urbanski's ruling?
GRETCHEN CARLSON, CO-HOST, "FOX & FRIENDS": Other than Moses fainted at the thought of only six commandments.
O'REILLY: Moses would be teed off, you know that.
CARLSON: Of course.
O'REILLY: Moses would be very teed off here. Ok go ahead.
CARLSON: Well, yes, right obviously.
Ok so in Virginia Giles County School Board being sued by a student and the ACLU because they have the 10 Commandments posted with also the Declaration of Independence and the Bill of Rights.
O'REILLY: All right, so they have it posted where at the school?
CARLSON: They have it posted on the grounds of the school which is part of the problem.
O'REILLY: All right.
CARLSON: Now, here is the thing. If the school's argument is that they have it there for religious purposes --
O'REILLY: Of it's not -- that's not the argument.
CARLSON: -- then the ACLU has a case. It's not they are saying that thy -- they have it there.
O'REILLY: Historical.
CARLSON: And the reason it's not religious is because they have other historical documents. The ACLU feels differently in it and they say look, we are protected by part of the first amendment that means that we just should get rid of it.
O'REILLY: All right, I got the legal case. So the Judge Urbanski says if you get rid of the first four. You shall not have other Gods before me. You shall not make yourself a graven image, you shall not take Lord, the name of the Lord in vain. And remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. If you get rid of those four then you can have the other six because they don't refer to God. That's what this pinheaded judge is saying.
JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO, HOST OF "JUSTICE WITH JUDGE JEANINE": Yes and what's interesting about it, Bill is that his suggestion that we get rid of the first four commandments is blasphemous. I mean, not only is Moses angry but Charlton Heston is angry too --
O'REILLY: But what if he's an atheist, what if is an atheist. What if he doesn't care about blasphemy? You say it's blasphemy so he may not consider it such?
PIRRO: Well, but you see he is a judge who is there to decide man's law and not God's law.
O'REILLY: Right.
PIRRO: He's got to decide right versus wrong, legal versus illegal, man up and make a decision and not try to compromise.
O'REILLY: But you're a judge, right?
PIRRO: That's right, absolutely.
O'REILLY: Ok so you -- you represent --
PIRRO: And I didn't shirk my responsibility and say maybe we ought to cut the baby in the middle. No, maybe you ought to just decide what is legal.
O'REILLY: But is it -- is there validity to the argument that this is historical display because we are a Judeo-Christian tradition. Although I think the ACLU would even argue that now that's how crazy this all got.
In your opinion as a judge, is this a historical display that can stand?
PIRRO: It can stand because it is surrounded by the Declaration of Independence, the Star Spangled Banner and --
O'REILLY: So it's like -- it's like putting a Christmas tree up or a Nativity scene but you have a Menorah next to it. And you say we got them all --
PIRRO: Yes but you touched on two good points.
O'REILLY: Go ahead.
CARLSON: That it's a Judeo-Christian document. This is from the Old Testament, remember that. This is not -- so -- so who is it really offending? It's only offending people who don't believe.
O'REILLY: Well it's offending the ACLU because they are atheists they don't -- they don't want any of this. That's why?
CARLSON: Ok but I don't think it's blasphemous, I think this judge is pandering once again to political correctness.
O'REILLY: All right, well whatever, we can't read -- we can't read his mind. We don't know what he is saying but certainly what is he saying.
CARLSON: Well, we've come to a point in society where we're going to get rid of four of the commandments?
O'REILLY: Well, look it's not about four of the commandments. It's about how the country was founded. And Urbanski and the ACLU are claiming we are not a Judeo-Christian country. That was never the intent of the founders. Then why do we have in the Supreme Court Moses holding the 10 commandments.
PIRRO: Right, in the United States Supreme Court building I mean, we have these 10 Commandments.
O'REILLY: Right.
PIRRO: At the end of the day you've got a judge who is appointed by Obama, intolerance towards Christianity when it is very much part of historical context.
O'REILLY: But it isn't Christianity.
CARLSON: It's not Christianity.
PIRRO: It is --
O'REILLY: As she pointed out this is Moses. He was Jewish all the way.
PIRRO: Well, he was Jewish it's the Judeo-Christian.
O'REILLY: There wasn't even Christianity in play back then. It wasn't even invented yet.
PIRRO: Right, it wasn't. But at the same time this judge needs to make a decision. That's what he's getting paid for.
O'REILLY: He made a decision, get rid of the four.
PIRRO: No, no he said mediate it and I will make a decision later.
O'REILLY: Wait a minute. Wait, he's trying to do the easy thing?
CARLSON: Yes.
O'REILLY: This guy is going to get pilloried all over the country now. This is absurd. Nobody is going to do this.
CARLSON: No, no, no. It's absurd, I'm telling you he is doing the politically correct what he thinks --
PIRRO: Oh no. You know what it's time to be --
O'REILLY: He did this -- he did this to be in your face to every religious person in the country. That's why this guy did it. He's not an idiot Urbanski. He said, you know what, I'm going to tweak all those stupid believers. I don't have any respect for them. I'm going to say this --
CARLSON: That's my point. That's my point.
O'REILLY: But he doesn't believe it's going to happen. It's not going to happen.
PIRRO: We'll see.
CARLSON: You wait.
O'REILLY: They're not going to remove the four commandments --
PIRRO: You know, what Bill, no, no, no, no, no.
PIRRO: Very often we'll make a suggestion.
O'REILLY: Yes all right, I got some money here. You Culture Warriors going to put up some jack here.
PIRRO: We've got to see this. Oh yes how much, $10.
CARLSON: At least 50 cents.
PIRRO: $10.
O'REILLY: They're not going to do that. This was a provocation directed at people of faith, another example of our secular system going "f you" we don't have any respect for you. That's what it is. It's exactly No Spin Zone here.
CARLSON: I'm agreeing with you. I'm agreeing with you.
O'REILLY: It's exactly what Urbanski is doing. He knows he is not going to win.
PIRRO: And you know what if this had to do with another religion and not Christianity. They bend over backwards.
O'REILLY: It's not Christianity.
PIRRO: All right, a Judeo-Christian epic.
O'REILLY: All right, you know will you please explain Moses to her, please?
PIRRO: I know Moses. I watched those movies.
O'REILLY: You are not that old you don't know him.
All right. That's it ladies we're out of here.


