


BILL O'REILLY, FOX NEWS HOST: "Factor Follow up Segment" tonight, aborting a fetus because of its gender. In China there are 120 boys for every 100 girls; that's because that totalitarian nation has a one child policy to keep the population down. And most Chinese prefer that child to be a boy so if the sonogram shows the fetus to be a girl it is often aborted.
Now, that's happening here. Two undercover video stings show that Planned Parenthood is participating in gender abortions. Earlier this week we showed you a Texas Planned Parenthood counselor doing that. And tonight we have a video showing a New York City Planned Parenthood person saying this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So, if you, you know, decide that even if you find out that it's a girl and you decide that that is what you prefer is to terminate the pregnancy, then that's just your decision. I can tell you that you know, here at Planned Parenthood we believe that it's not up to us to decide what is a good or bad reason for somebody to decide to terminate a pregnancy.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So it's a free fire zone at Planned Parenthood. Now the House today could not muster a two-thirds vote to ban gender-based abortions. And incredibly, the President of the United States will not condemn that.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JAY CARNEY, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: The administration opposes gender discrimination in all forms. But the end result of this legislation would be to subject doctors to criminal prosecution if they fail to determine the motivations behind a very personal and private decision.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: That's not quite true. It would subject doctors to criminal prosecution if they knowingly aborted a fetus based upon a gender decision by the mother.
Joining us now from Washington, Laura Ingraham.
Now, the vote in the House was 246 to criminalize gender-based abortion, 246. And that included 20 Democrats voted for to do that.
LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes.
O'REILLY: Seven Republicans voted against criminalization including Ron Paul, Ron Paul. Ok? But they didn't get two-thirds and so gender-based abortion is legal in the United States of America.
INGRAHAM: Bill you did such a great job on this.
O'REILLY: Thank you.
INGRAHAM: In your "Talking Points" Memo this week. And this is a stunning development.
O'REILLY: It is. It really is.
INGRAHAM: I know people -- people think this is a pro-choice/pro-life issue. This is not. This is about basic human decency and whether we're going to choose to go down the road of barbarism or humanity. And in this case the -- the president's spokesman comes out and says well this would -- this would require basically that doctors determine the motivation of the women who go into these clinics or who go into OB/GYN's and that's a bold-faced lie.
O'REILLY: That is not true. Absolutely.
INGRAHAM: The -- the legislation as you pointed out specifically says the doctors have no affirmative obligation to discover. Yes
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: I'll read I, let me -- let me read it -- let me read it to you. And this is why Jay Carney should be very careful in what he says because what he says as Laura and I just pointed out is not true. Here is the bill.
The bill would impose criminal, up to five-year prison sentences on anyone knowingly performing an abortion that is sought based on sex, gender, color, or race of a child or the race of a parent. So they would have to knowingly know, knowingly know, ok?
INGRAHAM: Yes and it specifically carves out the issue of intent, Bill, by saying the doctor does not have an affirmative obligation to discern the intent. So it goes even further.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: Right the doctor doesn't have to find out if the doctor just comes across the information.
INGRAHAM: Right. Exactly. Exactly.
O'REILLY: But here -- here is the real atrocity of this. This law was symbolic because how many people are going to walk in and go hey, I want an abortion because I want a boy. Nobody is going to do that particularly if the law passes. Nobody will do it. So it's basically sending a message as you said what kind of a society do we want to be.
Sheila Jackson Lee is Democratic Congresswoman. Go, roll the tape.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. SHEILA JACKSON LEE, D-TEXAS: We're going back to the days of coat hangers. That's what they want to do. They want to criminalize doctors because what that says is how do you know that a doctor is engaged in helping a woman abort because of the particular gender of their fetus?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: Bill --
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: So it's ok with her. It's ok with the President. It's ok with all of these people, 168 Congress people if you abort on a gender-based decision. It's ok.
INGRAHAM: They all should be asked individually, Bill, "yes" or "no," do you favor women having the right or men coercing women into this procedure on the basis of the gender of the child? Yes or no? And remember, Bill, the President famously said during the campaign in 2008 when asked whether -- what would happen if one of his daughters got pregnant he infamously said I should say "I wouldn't want them to get punished with a baby."
This is an extreme position that he holds. It is an extremist position that the left holds. And I predict this. If the Democrats continue to go down this road where they are chained to Planned Parenthood and NARAL which by the way sent out an almost a threatening letter on May 29th on this issue to all the congressmen so, they were put on notice by Planned Parenthood. They continue to go down this road, Bill, they will continue to see their majorities in states erode because the tide is turning on this abortion issue. And I think they know it.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: I don't know -- you know, look, I don't know that but you could very well be right. But here is what I know. The Media Research Center looked at the news this week the nightly newscasts and CNN. Zero reporting on this.
INGRAHAM: No of course not.
O'REILLY: Nothing. Silent. Blackout.
INGRAHAM: It's holding up a mirror to what we have become Bill.
O'REILLY: Right.
INGRAHAM: People don't want to look in the mirror sometime and see what we have become.
O'REILLY: Right. So, unless you're watching the Fox News Channel or listening to Laura on the radio or some other radio talk show you don't know anything about this it doesn't exist. Because the left-wing media and Dan Rather just says "Oh no, not us." Why didn't the CBS cover that Dan? It's a big story a vote in Congress here -- gender-based abortion. A major story.
INGRAHAM: And Bill, Lila Rose -- Lila Rose that video you played.
O'REILLY: Yes.
INGRAHAM: That's the kind of stuff that you expect something like "60 Minutes" to do -- it used to do decades ago. She should win a journalism award for what she has done to expose the truth about this.
O'REILLY: All right, Laura Ingraham everybody.

