


BILL O'REILLY, HOST: "Unresolved Problem" segment tonight, if Mitt Romney does secure the Republican nomination the campaign will be largely based on class warfare. President Obama is saying that he represents the folks and that Governor Romney is a member of the dreaded wealthy class.
According to some polls, against affluent Americans is rising. Joining us now from Burbank, California. Adam Carolla does commentary on the Daily Podcast. So, do you see the attack on wealth in America getting worse, Mr. Carolla?
ADAM CAROLLA, HOST, "THE ADAM CAROLLA SHOW": Yes, it's horrible. Yes, it's envy that has turned into resentment that has turned into anger and essentially shame. It's pretty simple psycho dynamic which is, "I wish I had that guy's expensive car, good looking wife, big house, whatever it is."
Then the next feeling is shame. Because I... I can't do it. I'm not smart enough. I don't work hard enough.
And then turns to anger. I'm going to throw a rock at that guy's car or his wife's fake boobies or whatever it is I can hit.
And it used to be the other way around. You would see a guy in a nice car and you would go hey, son, if you work real hard, you can get a nice car like Mr. Jenkins. Now it's all out the window. And it's the fault of the wealthy as well. Because they are not even acting wealthy. Mark Cuban walks around in cargo shorts and flip-flops and a T-shirt.
O'REILLY: Yeah, but I don't know... I don't know if people want to act wealthy. That's like what... Thurston Powell III on Gilligan's Island.
CAROLLA: Howell III, thank you.
O'REILLY: Well, how... how did it happen though? I don't... how did - when I was growing up achievement was respected, mostly.
CAROLLA: I don't... I don't mean lighting a cigar with a $20 bill. I mean people who are paying a ton in taxes saying, hey, shut up, I'm paying my fair share. As a matter of fact, you want to actually take that term fair share and really break it down because if all of us are sitting at a dinner table and there's 10 of us and the check is $500 bucks, I'm already paying $350 bucks. That's way more than my fair share.
O'REILLY: You can make that... you can make that but... but here is what the Pew Research Center found in January took a survey. 46 percent of Americans believe most rich people are wealthy mainly because they know the right people or they were born into wealth.
So it's a... you know, your uncle got you the job and you really didn't earn it.
CAROLLA: Sure.
O'REILLY: That's half the nation.
CAROLLA: Right.
O'REILLY: I mean, how did that happened?
CAROLLA: It's convenient. It's easier. Because if you just said well, it's hard work and it's intestinal fortitude then next time you looked in the mirror you would see a poor guy with a bad work ethic and no intestinal fortitude.
So it's easy to do the daddy's money, it's who you know, rich uncle. It all makes it easier because it lightens the shame burden on them.
O'REILLY: Ok so it gives people who aren't in the circumstance which they would want to be in an excuse why they are not there. Now I still think the American...
CAROLLA: Sure. It's like high school. I mean, remember when you were in high school and you go oh, that guy got an A, because the teacher likes him and I got a D, because the teacher has it out for me.
O'REILLY: Yes I never do that because -- I earn, I knew that I was stupid so I didn't...
CAROLLA: Right.
O'REILLY: ...but I saw other kids doing what you say. Now this is interesting. The people that I see who work hardest are immigrants. People from other countries who don't build in that excuse. They are going "I'm glad I'm here because in Pakistan I would never have a chance. Now, if I work hard, I might be able to get a nice house." That mentality, when you talk to people who have just come here recently and in the last maybe 10, 15 years is markedly different than the people, Americans who are not doing well in school and are not prospering in the workplace. And I think people ought to... ought to understand that. And I'll give you the last word, Mr. Carolla.
CAROLLA: Yes. Well we've... you are right. We've lost the eye of the tiger. We're not hungry anymore. I mean our grandparents or great-grandparents, whoever came over here in a boat came over here hungry, ready to roll their sleeves up and get to work. And now we're entitled to work that.
O'REILLY: And from Ireland that was literally true. Right, but we're not hungry anymore because we know we can get the birth control pills for free. Because the government is going to send it to us and that's just the way it is.
We appreciate you coming on, Mr. Carolla. Nice to have you here on the "The Factor."


