
By Bill O'Reilly
As predicted here a few days ago Mitt Romney is getting a bounce in the polls. Rasmussen today has the Governor up 48-44 over the President among likely voters. And a brand new Fox News poll has Romney defeating Obama 46-44. But that's really a tie when a margin of error is considered.
Also in the Fox poll, a whopping 67 percent of Americans say they're unhappy about the direction of the country. Just 32 percent are satisfied. Finally, Mr. Obama's job performance has fallen five points in a month; 42 percent of Americans now approve; 51 percent disapprove according to the FNC poll.
These numbers are obviously bad news for the President and it's pretty much impossible for an incumbent to be re-elected when more than two-thirds of the nation believes the country is on the wrong track. As Harry Truman once said, the buck stops here in the Oval Office.
However, 2012 is different than most other presidential election years and that's because class warfare is now on the table. Democrats believe voters who want government benefits will make the difference for Mr. Obama no matter what the performance. The election will come down a philosophy, the nanny state versus self-reliance. Traditionally, the USA has been built by private enterprise and has embraced what the President calls social Darwinism. The strong prosper.
But in the past 20 years, America has undergone a great change. We now have millions of citizens who are not very well educated, not very motivated to work all that hard and who have a strong sense of entitlement. Their philosophy seems to be, where's mine? I want stuff. And I'll vote for whoever gives it to me. But of course, somebody has to pay for that.
In Greece, they're bankrupt because of entitlement spending and in Spain, pretty much the same thing and here in the good old USA, we're heading in that direction.
President Obama's solution is not to call for spending discipline or personal discipline or shared sacrifice. No. The president is primarily blaming wealthy Americans for what the Democrats call income inequality.
Mr. Obama saying the system is rigged. That the wealthy get all the breaks and everybody else gets hosed. And millions of Americans believe that. There are actually entire television networks, cable networks that embrace that point of view. Most American newspapers believe that. And certainly Hollywood continues to be thrilled with Mr. Obama's overall philosophy.
So, this election is going to be very intense. Right now, Mitt Romney is in pretty good shape according to the polls. But as “Talking Points” said yesterday, he better bring his "A Game" when he goes up against President Obama.
And that's “The Memo.”
Pinheads & Patriots
Here's Ashley Judd in a new ABC drama called "Missing." Some believe she's had plastic surgery on her face and are mocking her. Miss Judd is angry.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ASHLEY JUDD, ACTRESS: There was an incredibly nasty, vitriolic and gloating tone about it. I think it's the objectification of girls and women and this hyper-sexualization of our society that invites the criticism.
We are anaesthetized to it. We're taught not to admit how much it hurts. Just, you know, go buy more hair spray, get back to the gym or buy another, you know, butt clencher exercise DVD. You know, that's how to undo the hurt, when in fact, that's just contributing to the pain.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, Ms. Judd said she did not have plastic surgery. She was taking drugs for a sinus infection, and that puffed up her face.
For showing honest emotion and making her point very articulately, Ashley Judd is a "Patriot."

