
By Bill O'Reilly
Upfront we have some brand new polling by Rasmussen, the first taken since the big debate. In the must-win state of Florida, Governor Romney now leads 49, 47. However that's a dead heat when you factor in the margin of error.
In the vital state of Ohio, Mitt Romney has surged 49 percent to Mr. Obama's 50 -- a virtual dead heat there as well. A few days ago in some other polling had the President up big in Ohio. In crucial Virginia, Romney now leads 49, 48 -- another tie within the margin of error.
Now, with the country still talking about Mitt Romney's victory on Wednesday night the Democratic Party has decided to go into full attack mode. The strategy seems to be very simple -- call Mitt Romney a liar.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BRAD WOODHOUSE: Plenty of people have pointed out what a liar Mitt Romney is and was last night. I mean if he was talking -- he was -- he was speaking last night, he was lying.
And look, Mitt Romney had a good night but, you know, every -- even, you know, a blind squirrel gets a nut every now and then. I mean, one good night is not -- is not going to erase a year of Mitt Romney's extreme positions.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, that was pretty vicious, was it not? Does the DNC really believe that kind of rhetoric will help the President? Does it believe Independent voters respond positively to that? I don't think they will.
In the realm of politics there are often misleading statements. "Time" magazine cover story this week runs down statements by both campaigns that are either false or outright propaganda.
So for the Democrats to call Mitt Romney a liar is foolish and destructive to their guy, President Obama, because the Obama campaign has made just as many false and misleading statements as the Romney campaign has.
Beyond that, there is the usual hysteria from rank ideologues. Racial hustler Michael Eric Dyson has injected color into the debate explaining why President Obama could not speak candidly.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MICHAEL ERIC DYSON, MSNBC CONTRIBUTOR: Unless we forget this, unless we pretend that doesn't make a difference the specter hanging over his neck that I can't come off as too vigorous because then it looks like I'm an angry black man. And because of the angry black man phenomena Mitt Romney is able to become vigorously engaged man who is able to play to his -- here is the reality, Obama doesn't have the latitude that white guys who speak with vigor do.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Here's the reality, Mr. Dyson, you simply cannot analyze anything, anything without injecting race, that's the reality.
Now, fair-minded Americans know vicious garbage when they see and hear it; and there is hateful vitriol directed at President Obama as well, we all know that. But for the Democratic Party, not a talk show or cable host, the party to brand Governor Romney a liar and think that that will get votes for President Obama is a big mistake.
Both President Obama and Governor Romney should warn their campaigns to stop the slander. There are enough legitimate issues to be debated. The truth is the President could not defend his economic record on Wednesday night. And that's why Governor Romney won the debate. Lying had nothing to do with it.
That's "The Memo."

