
By Bill O'Reilly
As we reported last night, President Obama's new budget is financially outrageous. It adds $1.3 trillion in new deficit spending and basically doesn't cut very much anywhere.
So it is obvious the President not very concerned about the debt. He doesn't seem to think it's a big deal. But it is. And if you want more facts, I direct you to the "Wall Street Journal" lead editorial today.
Bottom line, Mr. Obama is spending far more than any other president ever has. And tax revenues is down because the economy remains shaky.
So let's all do the math. President Obama continues incredible government spending yet tax revenues remain low. It's obvious Mr. Obama is rolling the dice. He understands the situation. And apparently believes that a massive federal debt's not going to harm the country any time soon. Also he's calculating that the American voter has changed into a person who wants free stuff from the government and is willing to sacrifice some freedoms in order to get the free stuff.
And you know what? The President might be right. There's no question many Americans simply do not want to put in the hard work that it takes to succeed on a grand scale. They would rather just get by and have the government fill in the things they need. That is why entitlement spending is at the highest level in the nation's history.
"Talking Points" doesn't want to sound cruel, but if you don't understand that dropping out of high school will doom you to poverty, you're not smart enough to even be in high school.
If you don't understand the marketplace is changing, you will fail. In this high-tech world, workers need to have skills, education and disciplined thinking. If you don't have those things and they're not easy to get, you will not prosper economically.
So I believe some Americans are simply saying, we don't want to pay the price. We would rather spend our time on the net, texting, tweeting, gaming, creating our own little worlds. We are not willing to study hard. We don't want to learn a trade. We don't want to go to a demanding college. No. It's far easier to devote our time to leisurely pursuits and let the government take care of us.
That kind of mind-set has taken root in this country. And that's why we are seeing the huge divide between the progressive party and the Democrats and the traditional party, the Republicans. President Obama wants voters to believe that massive federal spending will improve their lives and that he, the President, will tax the rich in order to make free stuff available.
Right now, the polls say about half the country's buying that and it will take a very strong counter argument from Mr. Obama's opponent in order to defeat him. Free stuff is a powerful lure. No question about it.
And that's "The Memo."

Pinheads & Patriots.
Tonight, we zero in on 17-year-old pop star Justin Bieber. Funny haircut but very successful. The question is, what kind of guy is Justin? Well, one 6- year-old Massachusetts girl found out.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Avalanna has a rare and aggressive type of brain cancer. She often comes to the spa for a little pampering after treatments.
When the staff found out how badly she wanted to meet Justin Bieber, they started a media campaign. The pop star spent two hours with Avalanna in a New York City hotel room. They played Candyland and ate Sour Patch Kids and Avalanna even snuck in a couple of kisses. Avalanna's (ph) family and friends hope the meeting will help people become more aware of the type of cancer she has and the need for funding.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: That is a very nice story, and Mr. Bieber is a patriot for helping out little Avalanna.



