
By Bill O'Reilly
Now we knew the campaign was going to be bitter. With muck-raking all over the place, we knew that. But we didn't know it was going to be downright hysterical this early.
Last night, former Republican Party Chair Michael Steele was interviewed by Chris Matthews. Governor Romney, the topic.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CHRIS MATTHEWS, MSNBC HOST : He ran as a... you know you're saying there is no such thing as science...
MICHAEL STEELE, FORMER CHAIRMAN, RNC: But that's not what he said. Why are you putting those words in his mouth? He's never said he is a flat earth and he doesn't believe in evolution. Those are your words, Chris. That's how you would like to paint him to be.
MATTHEWS: Because that's who he is.
STEELE: That's not who he is.
MATTHEWS: You got the Grand Wizard crowd over there. Anyway look...
STEELE: Wait, wait. I resent that. Now come on what is this Grand Wizard nonsense.
MATTHEWS: I'm just saying the far-right party. All right.
STEELE: Are you saying that the Ku Klux Klan... give me a break. We didn't... don't go there with me on that.
MATTHEWS: Ok, ok. Great.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now later in that broadcast Matthews has apologized for using the description "Grand Wizard". I have no beef against Chris Matthews he doesn't usually attack people personally; he's simply a committed Democrat. Nothing wrong with that.
But to call Romney a flat earther, to say the Governor doesn't believe in science is simply madness. In a 2007 "New York Times" article Romney said quote, "I believe that God designed the universe and created the universe. And I believe evolution is most likely the process he used to create the human body", unquote. So there it is; for honest folks, end of discussion.
The problem for American voters is that anything goes these days. The Internet is full of unbelievable nonsense as well as gross defamation. And now on some national news programs we are getting the same craziness. So, if you're uninformed, how can you possibly know what's true and what's not true?
And the problem is not exclusively on the left. How many times have we heard that Barack Obama was not born in America? That he is a Muslim? A Manchurian candidate, a plant from outerspace, whatever madness the anti-Obama forces can think up.
We live in an age where truth really doesn't matter anymore. Greedy news executives and the net have obliterated it. Journalistic standards have collapsed. The Trayvon Martin case proves that.
You can pretty much do anything you want in the media and the courts don't care. It's almost impossible for a well-known person to win a judgment of defamation.
But "Talking Points" has had enough. So every time I see craziness in the national media during the campaign I'm going to show it to you. And I hope you will vote with the clicker. That's the only solution to the problem.
And that's "The Memo."

