


BILL O'REILLY: Now for the "Top Story" tonight, let's bring in Senator Saxby Chambliss from Georgia. He's the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee; he joins us from Washington. All right, Senator I heard you with Chris Wallace a couple of hours ago and I watched your briefing and I know there's a lot of stuff you can't talk about because it was closed and all that.
But I'm -- I'm a simple man. You know that, I'm going to walk through it with you. On September 14th, CIA Chief David Petraeus made a statement that indicated it was a spontaneous demonstration caused by a crazy videotape. And that was echoed by the U.N. Ambassador, Susan Rice. All right? That's what happened.
Yet cables from the CIA out of Tripoli, Libya say the day after it was a terror attack, an organized terror attack with heavy weaponry. So you got your own CIA Chief contradicting his guys in Libya. Am I -- am I accurate so far?
SENATOR SAXBY CHAMBLISS (R), GEORGIA: Well, you're right. The -- Director Petraeus did say a couple of days later that based on the information they had, that they thought that this was an act of violence that arose out of a protest.
O'REILLY: Ok. But that's impossible --
CHAMBLISS: But that is what he said.
O'REILLY: Yes. But that's impossible because the cables that Fox News read say the CIA guys on the ground in Libya told Petraeus and the brass and Langley that it was a terror attack. So either Petraeus is lying or he can't read.
CHAMBLISS: Well, here is what we know, Bill. You don't have a spontaneous attack from folks carrying AK-47s and other automatic weapons. You don't have folks with RPG's and firing mortars on a spontaneous attack. This was a clearly a terrorist attack.
O'REILLY: Ok. And everybody knows that. I'm sorry to interrupt -- I'm sorry to interrupt but everybody knows that. Ok, you know it, I know it. The folks watching tonight knows it. But the head of the CIA who had to know it as well said something completely opposite.
Now I don't know whether you heard this or not, but Charles Krauthammer, one -- one of our Fox News analysts here, he implied today on "Special Report" that Petraeus may have consciously misled the country because he was caught up in this mistress stuff that the Obama administration knew about and tomorrow when Petraeus comes in front of you guys, are you going to go down that road?
CHAMBLISS: Well, we will ask General Petraeus the hard and tough questions. Frankly, I don't think he would do anything that would be misleading. And I'm going to give him the benefit of the doubt because I have great respect for him and confidence that he's going to tell us the truth about it whatever it is.
But we'll see from him tomorrow with respect to that.
O'REILLY: Ok. But -- but I have the utmost respect for the General as well. I think he's a patriot. But he already misled us. He already misled us on September 14th. So he either did it and he's got to explain that, why he did it. He either did it consciously or unconsciously, but he already misled us, Senator.
CHAMBLISS: Well. And you better believe he's going to be asked about it tomorrow.
O'REILLY: Can you get me into that hearing? Can I --
CHAMBLISS: I don't know if I can get you clearance, Bill, that's your problem.
O'REILLY: Yes I know. My problem my whole life here. All right, look this is a serious matter, I wanted to bring a little levity into it.
CHAMBLISS: Yes.
O'REILLY: But look, it looks like there's something rotten here. There is something rotten here. At the highest levels of our government with misleading the American people when everyone knew from the second day, September 12th, by cables and eyewitness reporters it was a terror attack.
Final question, you see President Obama's press conference yesterday? Did you see it?
CHAMBLISS: I did.
O'REILLY: Ok.
CHAMBLISS: I saw parts of it. Yes.
O'REILLY: He won't even answer, the President, when he was informed about the attack, citing the investigation. Are you kidding me? All he has to do is say, look, here is who told me and this is the date they told me. And that doesn't impede anything, does it?
CHAMBLISS: Hey listen I agree 100 percent. I can't tell what I know about what he knew and when he knew it. He can. And he should. He ought to level with the American people, Bill.
We got four dead Americans and we are getting more and more emotional about this when you see the -- the folks in the White House and within the administration not putting some urgency behind getting the right kind of answers out to the American people and showing the American people that by golly, we care about those four Americans.
O'REILLY: Yes.
CHAMBLISS: You really don't see that coming out of this White House.
O'REILLY: All right. Go get them tomorrow, Senator, ok. And we'll talk to you again soon.
CHAMBLISS: Ok Bill.
O'REILLY: I thank you very much for tonight.


