


BILL O'REILLY: "Impact Segment" tonight, anti-Obama forces around the country are hoping that allegations of a cover-up in Libya involving the assassination of the American ambassador there will hurt the President's re-election chances.
First, the time line. On September 11th, U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens was assassinated in Benghazi. On September 12th, President Obama condemned the attack and then flew to Las Vegas for a campaign event.
On September 16th, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice called the assassination a spontaneous attack. But the same day a top Libyan official said the assassination was pre-planned. On September 19th, Matthew Olsen, director of the President's counter terrorism unit confirmed that the assassination was indeed a terror attack.
So why did it take eight days for the U.S. government to confirm that? Fox News analyst Pat Caddell is angry about it.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PAT CADDELL, DEMOCRATIC POLLSTER & STRATEGIST: If a president of either party, I don't care whether it was Jimmy Carter or Bill Clinton or George Bush or Ronald Reagan or George H.W. Bush had had a terrorist incident and gotten on an airplane after -- after saying something and flown off to a fundraiser Las Vegas, they would have been crucified.
It would have been, it should have been Barack -- the equivalent for Barack Obama of George Bush's flying over Katrina moment.
But nothing was said at all. And nothing will be said.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: With us now is Mr. Caddell. So do you think this is an organized press suppression of this story?
CADDELL: Well, organized -- whether it's organized is a straight conspiracy, everybody is in on it and they're all doing it and it's conscious. It's a purposeful conscious effort to suppress news that might hurt Obama. We have gone down a slippery slope here.
Look, Bill, we have had liberal bias or bias in the press for a long time for many years. But it's gotten worse starting in 2008. But now we have a press actively engaged in the re-election. Putting out a narrative that -- that Romney is a loser. You know they're running polls, and God they are using like negative ads on Romney.
But -- but Romney is not my issue here. More importantly, they've not only decided to support Obama on this issue the last two weeks, what we see is a press that has decided that it will not tell the American people the truth. And not only tell people who they may or may not vote for but now telling the people what truth they may know and what truth they may not know.
O'REILLY: Ok but what is the truth? Look, we've covered this story responsibly here on the FACTOR, all right?
CADDELL: You have.
O'REILLY: But I only take it up to where the facts lie. And that's why I gave the time line. And the other thing is unfortunately the folks don't care about this story. They don't. The massive amount of people in America -- not the people who watch cable news or listen to talk radio but just the folks who are watching "Dancing with the Stars" and the NFL and world wrestling, they don't care about the Libyan story. They don't care about the ambassador unfortunately. So it's hard to make them care.
CADDELL: Look, if you don't tell them, then how will they care? Let me just say this.
O'REILLY: They will, ok, go ahead.
CADDELL: We had an incident where, you know, the day after when you talked about this we had over 20 countries where you had demonstrations, embassy, rioting our embassies and so forth around the globe.
O'REILLY: Right.
CADDELL: It made none of the news. Do you think the country --
O'REILLY: Well you know some of it was --
CADDELL: Some of it.
O'REILLY: Look, that movie -- that movie that -- orchestrated all of these things in Egypt and other countries, that was publicized for a couple of days. But here -- here is the problem with the story. And you tell me how to cover it, all right? Here's the problem.
Rice screwed up. No doubt. Right? The U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice. Absolute screw-up.
(CROSSTALK)
CADDELL: But she was sent out to do that.
O'REILLY: Ok but we don't know by whom.
CADDELL: Oh I -- well, ok.
O'REILLY: We don't know.
CADDELL: Let me speculate for you.
O'REILLY: Why -- why, why speculate?
CADDELL: Well, because, this doesn't happen. Let me just say something. You know I'm going to say something both that Doug Schoen has said. You know presidents when I was in the presidential campaign with Jimmy Carter we were not allowed to bring foreign policy in. What I said about the President going to Las Vegas --
O'REILLY: Right.
CADDELL: -- while the smoldering, while the -- while allegation was still -- the consulate was still smoldering.
O'REILLY: Right.
CADDELL: And goes off for a fundraiser and people would have been crucified. I remember in -- right after the seizing of the hostages in '79 when myself and other top members of the campaign, a handful of us, went to the President and begged him to campaign because we were still in a very tight race at that moment with Ted Kennedy. And he absolutely refused. He said, I need to be here. I can't do this on the road.
O'REILLY: There's no doubt that look, President Obama's decision to go to Vegas is obvious.
CADDELL: But also this narrative to put out a narrative when you know differently as we had heard.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: But who put it out?
CADDELL: The White House. Look, you have a national security advisor who was a politician and a political operative Tom Donilon who was also I believe the person behind --
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: So you think he did it --
CADDELL: And the White House, Susan Rice was not in the line of what was she doing out Sunday doing five shows? She is not in the chain of command on this.
O'REILLY: Look somebody did it.
CADDELL: Somebody told her to. Why did they -- why did they keep promoting the taped story when they know it wasn't true, because it would upset the narrative. A terrorist attack --
O'REILLY: All right, but here is the problem. You can say that but I can't report that Donilon did it because I don't know.
CADDELL: But if I'm a reporter -- no but if I'm a reporter, if I'm the entire National Press Corps, aren't I going in and asking those questions.
O'REILLY: No they don't care.
CADDELL: But they should be.
O'REILLY: Of course. No doubt.
CADDELL: The point is when you stop telling people what's going on. When you have the "New York Times" for days not even discussing the story even after it hit --
O'REILLY: Look, let me make your point for you. Here is how bad it is. "The Washington Post" front page Mitt Romney's hazing in high school.
CADDELL: Yes.
O'REILLY: Ok this, we don't care. So we know the fix is in. We know that.
Last question real fast. Hillary Clinton culpable here?
CADDELL: Well, she is culpable to the extent that she either -- she is being overridden by the White House. She has said some things differently. But she is Secretary of State, somebody should have spoken out. We shouldn't know this late.
O'REILLY: All right, Pat Caddell everyone. And we will continue following the story, Pat. There's no doubt about it. But we've got to do it facts.




