
By Bill O'Reilly
Unfortunately, the presidential campaign of 2012 has spent a lot of time on things that don't really matter. The Republican candidates are trying to convince voters that they are very conservative guys.
Ok, fine. We are ready to believe you. Then there is the contraception deal. Whether the President is a Muslim, that's still around, and other nonsensical stuff. All of that obscures a very important and I think dangerous situation. And that is the millions of Americans who want free stuff from the government.
Let's begin with Nancy Pelosi's daughter Alexandra, who is a liberal film maker. However, she crossed into very interesting territory when she interviewed some welfare recipients.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ALEXANDRA PELOSI, FILM MAKER: So what do you get from the government? Tell me everything you get from the government.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: All I get stamps, public assistance, Medicaid. We call that money in the bottle. We call it money in the bottle.
PELOSI: There's a sign behind you that says Waverly Job Center. Do you have any intention of going in to get a job or you're just going to get the food stamps.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm not looking for a job, maybe a career but not a job. How are you doing? You are looking good today.
PELOSI: It looks like all you are looking for is a date.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That's true. I'm single. I'm ready to mingle.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So, I guess now we have to pay for that guy's dating life, right? He's not looking for a job, maybe a career. Here's a clue. You've got to get a job first and then you get the career.
As "The Factor" has reported 22 percent of Americans are currently receiving some kind of government entitlement. That's 67 million people. And the truth is we can't afford it, the country can't afford it. We don't have the money to pay for everybody's birth control or dating life.
On Monday, Mitt Romney was campaigning in Peoria, Illinois. And entitlements came up.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So you're all for like yay, freedom and all this stuff.
MITT ROMNEY, GOP CANDIDATE: Absolutely. Absolutely.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And yay, pursuit of happiness. Do you know what would make me happy? Free birth control.
ROMNEY: If you're looking for free stuff you don't have to pay for, vote for the other guy. That's what he's all about. Ok? That's not… that's not…
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, Mr. Romney did the country a favor by sharply drawing a contrast between himself and President Obama. At this point Mr. Obama has created a scenario that actually encourages an entitlement society. He has said quite clearly that the rich are not paying their fair share. That insinuates that everybody else is getting hosed and that the government should be giving away things to make up for the inequity. That's the insinuation.
Thus some Americans say, "Hey I deserve the free stuff because the rich guys are getting things they shouldn't be getting. Where’s mine?" And many of the nations unions are heavily promoting that point of view.
Speaking on a public broadcasting program SEIU board member Stephen Lerner said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
STEPHEN LERNER, SEIU, BOARD MEMBER: It's the moment where we can come together and put millions of people in the street. It's a moment where we can come together and talk about shutting down shareholder meetings where people don't have a voice. I think there has never been a more exciting time in my 30 years of organizing to imagine building the kind of movement that can transform the country, that can really talk about redistributing wealth and power.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now Mr. Lerner wants the forced redistribution of assets. And of course that's socialism. So Americans should keep their eye on what's really important. The country's at a crossroad. If the progressive forces prevail we will become a quasi-socialistic nation and our debt will continue at record levels. In my opinion that's dangerous as all get out.
And that's “The Memo.”
Pinheads & Patriots
Far-left Michael Moore trying to ingratiate himself with the Occupy protesters. And it doesn't seem to be working.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Make way for $50 million dollar Michael Moore, everybody.
Get your picture taken, with $50 million dollar Michael Moore.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: That's not nice. Mr. Moore did not have any comment, and everyone involved is a "Pinhead."

