


INGRAHAM: Thanks for staying with us. I'm Laura Ingraham, in for Bill O'Reilly. And in the "Fridays with Geraldo" segment tonight, convention floor chaos at the DNC.
In case you missed it, things got out of hand a little bit for the dems when they attempted a voice vote to amend their party platform to include language that would refer to God, get it back in the platform and Jerusalem.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ANTONIO VILLARAIGOSA, LOUISIANA MAYOR AND DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL CONVENTION CHAIRMAN (D): All of those delegates in favor say, "Aye."
CROWD: Aye.
VILLARAIGOSA: All of those delegates oppose, say, "No."
CROWD: No.
VILLARAIGOSA: I'll do that one more time. All those delegates in favor, say, "Aye."
CROWD: Aye.
VILLARAIGOSA: All those delegates oppose, say, "No."
CROWD: No.
VILLARAIGOSA: In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds have voted in the affirmative. The motion is adopted and the platform has been amended as shown on the screen.
(CROWD BOOS AND APPLAUSE)
Thank you very much.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: I can still hear the boos coming from the convention. I mean this is --
GERALDO RIVERA, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: I want a recount.
(LAUGHTER)
INGRAHAM: Joining me now from New York, Fox News Anchor, Geraldo Rivera. You can see him at 10:00 p.m. on FNC.
Geraldo, I felt really bad for Mayor Villaraigosa --
RIVERA: No, you did not.
(LAUGHTER)
INGRAHAM: I actually did. That was a terrible position to be in because it was -- apparently, already in the teleprompter, that this thing was going to get done one way or another.
I mean, the fix was in for getting God back into the platform. But you had people who were really ticked off and it was obviously divided. There was no way it was two-thirds voting to reinsert God.
RIVERA: Not at all.
INGRAHAM: So, what goes on.
RIVERA: Well, let me -- I have to do a quick preamble. I was very critical of the republicans, I was down in Tampa, for putting in their platform abortion without exemption, anti-gay marriage amendment to the Federal Constitution, harsh language on immigration.
I thought that they did not need to take those harsh positions because they already had that vote. So, why not broaden the tent. Why not, you know, broaden the appeal. Why be so partisan. That's --
INGRAHAM: Because that's what they believe. But go ahead.
RIVERA: -- All right. That's what they believe. Now, the democrats, I thought, equally, self-inflicted a terrible wound on themselves, taking the language of God out as in "God-given" talents.
Why in the world, I mean, what extra vote do they get by appealing to this really a secular elite. Why take God out. Why do that to yourself.
And then, of course, the language that Jerusalem is no longer the capital of Israel. They just took Jerusalem, all references out, and thereby, offended -- I had a long conversation with Professor Alan Dershowitz, offended the Jewish vote which they need critically to win in places like Florida.
So, they had to then change the platform. They saw the very vehement anti-reaction to the platform they drafted, so they tried to scramble. They tried to it.
But, guess what, they were -- at least, in the auditorium. As constituted, the audience has ears. They heard the same thing you and I did, Laura.
And it was pretty clear that they didn't each get a simple majority, much less two-thirds of the vote.
(LAUGHTER)
INGRAHAM: No. It was ridiculous.
RIVERA: And it was -- the tragedy is, Michelle Obama had a pretty good speech. She had a great speech on Tuesday night.
Then the scandal happens and that's all anyone was talking about. Bill Clinton, I think, helped retrieve the issue but they were stuck with a pie on their face.
INGRAHAM: Geraldo, I now have an idea that, maybe, next time they should make sure that Jimmy Carter comes to the convention because he's one of those international election observers for the United Nations.
(LAUGHTER)
RIVERA: That's a good idea.
INGRAHAM: So, he can actually go and make --
RIVERA: I wanted one of those meters, you know, like they have on those talent shows.
INGRAHAM: Yes, exactly. Let's move on to Cardinal Dolan. Anthony Dolan gave the benediction at the very end of the convention to wrap things up.
People were screaming out of the arena but this is what he said.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CARDINAL ANTHONY DOLAN, ARCHBISHOP, NEW YORK: Thus, do we praise you for the gift of life, grant us the courage to defend it. Life without which no other rights are secure.
We ask four benediction on those waiting to be born that they may be welcomed and protected. Empower us with Your grace so that we might resist the temptation to replace the moral law with idols of our own making.
Or to remake those institutions you have given us for the nurturing of life and community.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: In that prayer, he took down two of the pillars of this convention, right --
RIVERA: He did.
INGRAHAM: -- the abortion on demand and gay marriage.
RIVERA: He did.
INGRAHAM: You're practicing -- you're a Catholic, right.
RIVERA: I'm only half-Catholic and I only half-practice but I've known every cardinal since Feldman in the 1960's. And Cardinal Dolan follows in the great tradition of political activists.
He's the most powerful Catholic in the United States. He's the Pope of America in many ways. He's very charismatic. He's very blunt.
He went to the RNC and he delivered almost the same benediction there.
INGRAHAM: Yes.
RIVERA: And was roundly criticized by the democrats. He said, "Guess what. You want me to come to your convention. I'll come to your convention."
So, he went it the Democratic National Convention and he delivered the same benediction. And there it was, you know, the democrats are saying, "Hey, what did we ask for."
Well, they got what they asked for. Cardinal Dolan wasn't going to, you know, soften his message. So, he delivered a very, very hard anti- abortion plank and message rather.
INGRAHAM: The pro-life plank. Yes, that was a pro-life plank.
RIVERA: Very much. So, good for him. That's what he believes and that's what the constituents in the Catholic church believe, so God bless him.
INGRAHAM: I appreciate it. Geraldo, thanks so much.


