
By Bill O'Reilly
In a very clever political move, the President today announced new rules for a specific group of illegal aliens.
If your parents brought you to America and you were under the age of 16 when that happened, if you have completed high school, or served in the military and if you are under the age of 30 right now, then you are most likely going to stay in America as long as you keep out of trouble.
Mr. Obama announcing that deportations will stop and working papers could be issued to illegal aliens who fit that profile.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PRESIDENT OBAMA: This is not amnesty, this is not immunity. This is not a path to citizenship. It's not a permanent fix. This is a temporary stop gap measure that lets us focus our resources wisely while giving a degree of relief and hope to talented, driven, patriotic, young people. It is the right thing to do.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: And the politically smart thing to do as many Hispanic Americans will support the move and the President needs those votes.
Also it puts Mitt Romney on the defensive. Will he support the immigration change or will he be perceived as unyielding, a mean guy? Right now a Gallup poll says the President is running ahead of Romney 67 percent to 24 percent among Hispanic voters.
In 2008 Mr. Obama did receive 67 percent of the Hispanic vote to 31 percent for John McCain. So, you can see how clever the move is. The President strongly courting a vote he desperately needs.
As for the policy, how can you blame kids when they are dragged to the USA from wherever? If you're a fair person you can't. It's not the child's fault the immigration laws are broken it's the parent who did it. Thus the new policy is humane. And the President believes it will make America stronger by adding motivated people to the workforce. That of course is debatable. But the fairness issue is not.
Nevertheless, a reporter from a conservative Web site interrupted the President's remarks today.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PRESIDENT OBAMA: Excuse me, sir. It's not time for questions, sir.
Not while I'm speaking and the answer to your question sir and the next time I would prefer you let my finish my statements before you ask that question. Is this the right thing to do for the American people. Maybe -- I didn't -- I didn't ask for an argument. I'm answering your question.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Neil Munro from the Web site "Daily Caller" is the man the President scolded. Mr. Munro was absolutely wrong in interfering with the President's statement. As "Talking Points" always says you must respect the office of the presidency even if you don't like the person in it. Mr. Obama was correct in calling Munro out.
And that's "The Memo"

Pinheads & Patriots
Unfortunately, there is an epidemic of dunderheads calling 911, the emergency line, to complain about trivial things.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hi. I specifically asked for little turkey and a little ham and a lot of cheese and a lot of mayonnaise, and they're giving me a hard time. I'm wondering if you can stop by...
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're calling 911 because you don't like the way that they're making your sandwich?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Exactly.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, obviously, that guy's a "Pinhead." No charges were filed against him. But I think we should start to fine people like that. 911 is a very tough job without that kind of nonsense. Or maybe they could have an electric current. There you go.


