
By Bill O'Reilly
Predictably far-left ideologues are demagoguing the mass murder in Colorado. They want gun control imposed on the country. Uber-liberal Bill Moyers is the poster boy for that.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BILL MOYERS, PBS HOST: The killer in Colorado waited only for an opportunity. And there you have it. The arsenal of democracy transformed into the arsenal of death. And the NRA -- the NRA is the enabler of death. Paranoid, delusional, and as venomous as a scorpion.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Moyers has no clue, no clue at all. He apparently believes that federal and state governments can actually control gun crimes. That's so dumb it hurts.
Chicago has banned handguns in public. How is that working out, Bill? So far this year... 1,136 shootings.
How about your state, Bill? New York? Well, it has a fourth toughest gun law in the country, it sounds good doesn't it? Ready 2011, nearly 4,000 guns were confiscated by New York City cops. Just in the city... 4,000 guns. Yes, those tough gun laws, they're working great, aren't they?
The reason for all of that the perps usually walk because the justice system is so chaotic and the jails are overcrowded. And you know what Bill Moyers' solution to that is? Let non-violent criminals out like heroin dealers. Yes, that's non-violent. You're a genius, Bill. PBS is very lucky to have you.
All right, here is the deal. Anyone who sells a heavy weapon or ammo should be compelled to report the sale to the FBI. It's a felony if you don't. That's what we should have in the U.S.A. and it just makes sense in this age of terrorism. Right now some gun dealers do background checks but nobody reports the sale of heavy weapons like AK-47's to the feds. That's insane.
Terrorists could just move in here, buy bazookas and the FBI doesn't know about it. Here is how crazy this is. If you take a flight lesson, the feds get a heads up. But you can buy a machine gun and they don't know.
So Congress should pass two laws. First, the heavy weapon reporting. And second, if you commit a crime with a gun like a robbery or anything else it becomes a federal offense with a mandatory 10 year prison sentence upon conviction. That would dent the problem.
But the truth is criminals will always get guns. Always. So why do the far-left loons want to take guns away from law abiding citizens who want protection?
The authorities can't protect us. They react after we're shot. The Second Amendment is there for a reason. The founding fathers firmly believed that Americans should have the right to protect themselves.
Finally, most Americans don't want more gun laws. According to a Pew poll taken in April; 49 percent do not want the federal government intruding on gun ownership; 45 percent do. The folks know the government can't protect us from monsters like James Holmes in Colorado.
And by the way another memo to Bill Moyers? This week marks the one year anniversary that some nut shot and killed 77 human beings in Norway... Norway.
And that's "The Memo."

