By Bill O'Reilly
More bad news for President Obama today -- new Quinnipiac poll shows American voters disapproving of his job performance by a 54 percent to 39 percent margin. The 39 percent is the President's lowest approval rating since he took office.
White American voters disapprove of Mr. Obama by a whopping 62 percent to 32 percent. Hispanics disapprove 47 percent to 41 percent. But black American voters approve of the President's job performance 75 percent to 15 percent.
Among young voters ages 18 to 29 just 36 percent approve of the job the President is doing, 54 percent disapprove. And finally 52 percent of American voters say Barack Obama is not honest and trustworthy. That's a disaster. And that is what is driving all the chaos in Washington.
The President said on a number of occasions that Americans could keep their healthcare plans if they liked them. That turned out not to be the case and that is driving Mr. Obama's poll numbers down.
Now the bigger picture last night on THE FACTOR, Charles Krauthammer opined that the Obamacare debacle may signal the end of the liberal movement.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KRAUTHAMMER: We have not just Obamacare unraveling, not just the Obama administration unraveling, not just the democratic majority of the Senate, but we could be looking at the collapse of American liberalism. Obamacare is the big thing for them.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So is Charles correct or can the President make a comeback? That's a fascinating question. Don't underestimate Barack Obama he has powerful allies still. The media has been embarrassed by Obamacare and is now somewhat skeptical of the President. But believe me, if things begin to improve on the Obamacare front, that will be trumpeted almost everywhere as it should be. The issue of national healthcare is so important that facts should rule. "Talking Points" believes there are a number of good things in the new law, for example that insurance companies can't cancel your policy if you get sick; that if you get fired, your insurance is not canceled; and that poor children and the elderly in need get covered. Those are all good things. But they can be done in the private sector by targeted legislation.
What President Obama will never understand, never understand, is that the federal government is not capable of running the healthcare system. Simply can't do it. And the chaos we have now is proof of that.
And that's "The Memo."

