
By Bill O'Reilly
Don't expect much compromise in Washington for the rest of Barack Obama's tenure in office. That's because partisan feelings are so bitter that detente will be difficult to reach. The president is a sensitive man and is furious with people attacking him personally. The Muslim stuff, the birth certificate; the socialist stuff, the president internalizes that and despises those who dispense it.
Therefore he is on a mission to destroy the hard right. In those precincts conservatives in turn despise Mr. Obama because they believe he is harming them and the country. And some on the right even say he is doing it intentionally.
Those bad feelings are reminiscent of Dallas, Texas and the run up to President Kennedy's assassination. So here is what's going to happen. President Obama will use immigration reform to once again hammer the right wing. At the same time, the illegal immigration debate which is upcoming, will also obscure the disastrous ObamaCare rollout, which the president addressed today.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: And there is no sugar coating it. The website has been too slow. People have been getting stuck during the application process. And I think it's fair to say that nobody is more frustrated by that than I am.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: But being frustrated is not enough, Mr. President. Once again, your administration botched it. It's Benghazi, Libya redux. You have not held anyone accountable and that infuriates not only conservatives but Americans who want efficient government.
This is Mr. Obama's blind spot. He doesn't seem to believe that his administration should embrace high standards of competence. I mean, we saw it in the military family debacle. Grieving Americans denied money because the President and the Secretary of Defense Hagel were not proactive in protecting them. We see it in the IRS investigation which remains shrouded in mystery. So there is bad feelings and the situation is getting worse.
But it is not worse than what President Bush went through. However, there is a big difference between Bush and Obama as we found out when I interviewed Bush the younger seven years ago this month.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GEORGE W. BUSH, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I understand politics. Remember, I'm a man who watched a guy I love dearly go through the same thing I'm going through and that's my dad. And I -- it's much harder when you see somebody you love being criticized than when you --
O'REILLY: Yes, you should get angry about that.
BUSH: I did get angry about it.
O'REILLY: But when it's you, you don't get that angry.
BUSH: No not really. Not really.
O'REILLY: You don't take it personally?
BUSH: No, I don't.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: But again, President Obama does take it personally and he is after the right wing. No question in my mind.
And that's "The Memo."

