
By Bill O'Reilly
If you watch The Factor often, you know I'm not an ideologue. In fact, some of the people who attack me the most are far-right people on talk radio.
But the far-left despises me as well because I bring a traditional sensibility to my commentary. Primarily, we are problem solvers here. If there is a solution on the left, we'll endorse it. Certainly the economic safety net set up by Franklin Roosevelt helped the nation through the depression. And the tough stance that Lyndon Johnson took on civil rights was absolutely the right thing to do in the 1960's.
But now we are seeing a move to the left in America that does not bode well. At this point nearly 50 percent -- 50 percent of American households have someone receiving some kind of social assistance. In order to pay for the entitlements, both earned like Medicare and given like food stamps the nation's yearly deficit is now more than $1 trillion a year the total debt approaching $16.5 trillion. We simply cannot sustain that kind of government spending. Yet President Obama and his liberal allies don't seem very concerned. And that, in my opinion, is dangerous.
On the social front the latest stats available show there were 1,200,000 abortions performed in the USA in the year 2008. That's the latest stats. That means, that more than a million Americans will never be born.
Should the country be proud of that? Yet, we see wild applause when pro-abortion zealots speak at the Democratic convention, for example. Exactly what are they applauding that more than a million potential human beings are dead?
On the drug front it's now a fait accompli that marijuana will be accepted in the USA. Yet we have a tremendous substance abuse problem here. Estimates are that close to 30 million Americans are addicted to something. Yet, some people are happy, happy that, yet, another intoxicant will soon be widely available. Does that make any sense to you?
As far as children are concerned they can now see and hear the lowest forms of depravity on the Internet. Yet public schools are mandated to virtually ignore religion.
So let's recap; an enormous amount of entitlement spending that may drive the nation into bankruptcy, Judeo Christian philosophy de-emphasized in the schools, abortion and drugs more widely available. Should we be celebrating this move to the left? You make the call.
And that's "The Memo."

