By Bill O'Reilly
Last night in Virginia Terry McAuliffe big fundraiser for Bill Clinton was elected governor but he didn't win by a much just 55,000 votes. The election was not supposed to be that close. And it was Obamacare that helped the Republican candidate Ken Cuccinelli. According to the exit polling 53 percent of Virginians dislike the Affordable Health care law; 46 percent think it's fine.
In New Jersey the Republican Governor Chris Christie won reelection and in the process had some advice for President Obama.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CHRIS CHRISTIE, GOVERNOR OF NEW JERSEY: Don't be so cute. And when you make a mistake, admit it. Now, listen, if it was a mistake in 2009 -- if he was mistaken in 2009, 2010 on his understanding of how the law would operate, then just admit it to people. You know what? I said it, I was wrong. I'm sorry. And we're going to try to fix it and make it better.
I think people would give any leader in that circumstance a lot of credit for just, you know, owning up to it instead of now trying to -- don't lawyer it. People don't like lawyers. And I'm a lawyer. They don't like them.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Governor Christie is on the mark. Mr. Obama should just admit the fiasco that is the rollout of Obamacare. Delay the law for a year and give the folks a break.
But as we have seen, that is not likely to happen. The President does not have to run again. He's a stubborn guy and thinks Obamacare is terrific. He's not likely to compromise unless there is an uprising in the country.
But as we saw in Virginia and here in New York City, the left wing may be shaky but it's still a force. The new mayor of New York is Bill De Blasio, who is almost radical left, and many fear the city's improvements under Republican mayors like Rudy Giuliani will collapse. That might not be fair but, believe me, there is grave concern in the police and business communities. But not on the part of the voters in New York City; De Blasio got 73 percent of the tally last night.
So we are living in a confused time. Most Americans don't like Obamacare but not enough to really bother the White House. It's clear they will try to tough out the whole thing despite embarrassing hearings like the one held today.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. JOHN CORNYN (R), TEXAS: The only thing I can conclude is that it's impossible to do something in this administration that gets you fired. It's impossible. You can lie to the American people, you can consistently misrepresent the facts, but it's impossible to get fired.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Those remarks by the Senator directed to Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius. Of course, she should resign but she will not.
Summing up Obamacare is having some impact on politics but not enough for the President to make any changes.
And that's "The Memo."

