

O'REILLY: "Mad as Hell Segment" tonight. What's really teeing you off? This evening we've got a brand new segment where you sound off about things that are driving you crazy. We owe the segment to Patty Tsaiatsky (ph) and the movie "The Network".
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I want you to get up right now and go to the window, open it and stick your head out and yell: I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take this anymore.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: That's exactly how I look with Barney Frank.
Here now to help us with mad, very mellow woman Juliet Huddy, I wanted that contrast.
JULIE HUDDY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: No.
O'REILLY: So first off Huddy is Lori Martin who lives in Illinois. She's mad as hell about Obamacare chaos. Quote, "Blue Cross, Blue Shield of Illinois informed me that my policy no longer available because of Obamacare. I've had this policy for years and I'm happy with it."
So what's -- what's the deal on Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois?
HUDDY: Well it's not just Blue Cross Blue Shield, it's a lot of different policies. You have to meet a certain criteria. It's like a 10 point list of criteria to meet the current standards for Obamacare. And hers -- Lori's obviously didn't meet it. A lot of people aren't going to continue that.
O'REILLY: So your insurance policy has to say, what? Give me an example.
HUDDY: For instance, let me give you an example. So you have to have maternity and newborn care. That has to be included in your policy. You could be --
O'REILLY: Well what if you are 75 years old?
HUDDY: It doesn't matter.
O'REILLY: It doesn't matter.
HUDDY: If doesn't matter if you are 75 years old. You have to have pediatric care in your policy as well.
O'REILLY: Ok so if Lori doesn't have that then Blue Cross can't ensure.
HUDDY: It's not a la carte you have to hit the 10 point.
O'REILLY: All right and there's a lot of insurance agencies like Blue Cross, Blue Shield who doesn't want any part of this so they are dumping everybody.
All right second e-mail comes from Dave Reynolds who lives in Las Vegas. "I'm mad because the White House has approved $300 million to bailout Detroit. Aren't we broke? Is it all about a strong Democratic voting base?" So first of all who allocated the $300 million to Detroit?
The Obama administration. They say it's not a bailout, but then their critics say this is kind of a back way bailout. Essentially this is money that Detroit would have been eligible for anyway.
O'REILLY: In what sense? Money for what?
HUDDY: Money for different things. Many cities are eligible for this. It just happened to be that Detroit was going through red tape.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: Part of the stimulus program or something like that for public works?
HUDDY: Correct. Yes. This money is allocated specifically though.
O'REILLY: So Detroit was eligible for the money and they get the 300 million. But it is a Democratic controlled city that is bankrupt.
HUDDY: Bankrupt because of mismanagement.
O'REILLY: Are we confident the 300 million is going to be mismanaged like every other cent was?
HUDDY: That's the problem. That's why this person is upset about this.
O'REILLY: And I'm upset too. Although I like the Tigers and the Pistons.
Third selection this evening comes from Diane Balbo (ph) who lives in California, is a Catholic.
"I'm mad as hell at you O'Reilly, for claiming the Holy Spirit inspired to you write the books. Why are you placing yourself above all of us?" Certainly not doing that I think you understand this. Right?
HUDDY: You would never do that.
O'REILLY: Are you Catholic?
HUDDY: Yes.
O'REILLY: You understand what I'm talking about, do you not?
HUDDY: Well, first of all, believe it or not. I do actually understand what you are saying here, Bill. You were I object -- inspired. You are not saying God came down off a fleeting staircase and grabbed your hand and brought you --
O'REILLY: He has before but not in this one.
HUDDY: But you can't joke around sometimes with certain people when it comes --
O'REILLY: Yes I can. I can joke around as much as I want.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: God has a sense of humor or else I would not be sitting here. Okay? So that's a fact. But, Christian doctrine says that there is a God and that God interacts with every human being. Every human being.
HUDDY: And you just had a personal interaction --
O'REILLY: When something good happens to you, you are inspired to do something that turns out positive, that comes from God.
HUDDY: I'm okay with that. I'm okay with that.
O'REILLY: And I'm glad you are.
Okay. Here is finally the last one. Sharon Eubanks from Redding, California, a nice town.
"What makes me mad are people who take their dogs with them everywhere they go. I see them in shopping carts, restaurants, everywhere. Dogs have taken over."
(LAUGHTER)
O'REILLY: And they have!
HUDDY: Dogs are people too.
O'REILLY: No they are not. Comfort dogs, right?
HUDDY: People say they are comfort dogs and they say they get --
O'REILLY: Little fluffy dogs.
HUDDY; I don't understand what the problem is if you have little Fifi, your Chihuahua, in a little bag and you're sitting there and you are having -- not drooling or barking.
O'REILLY: But if you're going to the deli and taking a chunk out of your ankle come on.
HUDDY: Well, that's a problem.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: Sanitary thing. I don't want to be in a restaurant with the little cocker spaniel at the table next to me.
HUDDY: Guess what, you can go to the restaurant next door that does not allow cocker spaniels.
O'REILLY: I think there is a board of health situation here. I like dogs. I have a dog. You have a dog?
HUDDY: Yes, Gomez.
O'REILLY: Like dogs. Don't take the dog everywhere.
HUDDY: I totally disagree with you. You can take them anywhere you want.
(LAUGHTER)
O'REILLY: Can we replace her on this segment? What was that lady's name? I'm with you. What was her name?
HUDDY: I don't know.
O'REILLY: Sharon Eubanks. I'm mad like you are. Keep the dogs reasonable. You don't have to go everywhere with the dog.


