
By Bill O'Reilly
Some left-wing media already touting the lone wolf theory that the two young terror bombers acted alone; nobody helped them kill four Americans and injure more than 200 others in Boston last week. "Talking Points" does not believe the lone wolf theory but well understands why it is being promoted.
Let's look at the facts. Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev had no money. Tamerlan was unemployed. Dzhokhar a student. They were generating zero income. There are reports that Dzhokhar was a pot dealer and that could have provided him with some cash. Tamerlan had no support, other than his wife who is making $12 bucks an hour as a healthcare aid. Tamerlan was a bum in more ways than one.
So how did that guy afford a six-month trip to Russia? Who paid for that? Also, who bought the guns, the explosives and the cars the brothers had? Who bought all of that? It simply doesn't add up that these two financed their own terror spree.
Now, it's certainly possible someone was giving them money, not knowing they were jihadist loons. That's possible. But again, it's doubtful these two could have financed the Boston Marathon terror attack on their own. Now, why do some on the left want the lone wolf theory to be true? Because if it is shown that organized Muslim terrorists helped the two brothers that would lead to a crackdown on whoever did it. Historically, the left does not like crackdowns.
As we pointed out last night, President Obama does not even want to describe the terror attack in Boston as an act of jihad. So there is strong motivation for the left-wing media to tell you the terror attack was the action of self-contained zealots.
More facts... the Tsarnaevs received welfare both federal and state for many years. And it was easy for them to get government payments. Why? Because it's easy for everybody to get them. The Obama administration has flooded the entitlement market with cash. Fraud is out of control. Tax money flows without much supervision. Obviously, this whole case needs to be investigated thoroughly and all the abuses that have taken place need to be rectified.
Summing up, these two brothers had access to no money. Let's find out where the money came from, that financed their terror spree.
That's "The Memo."

