
By Bill O'Reilly
Over the weekend another vicious terror attack, this one in Nairobi Kenya. Scores of innocent people massacred, gun downed in a shopping mall.
This kind of terror activity now a growing industry throughout the world and there is a reason why.
The truth is that Muslim jihadists want to kill Christians and Jews. That's what this is all about, nothing more. The Muslim jihad believes that infidels do not deserve to live. But you will not hear the leaders of the world say that including President Obama. They will not tell you what is really going on here. This is simply about murder and if you are a Christian or a Jew, you are a target.
It is clear that al Qaeda and its affiliates are now going to wage small- time terrorism all over the world. They will burn down Christian churches, attack Jewish synagogues and if they can launch another 9/11.
And then there are other horrific attacks by jihadist Muslims on other Muslims. In Iraq alone, more than 4,000 civilians have been killed this year by other Muslims. In Pakistan, a pair of Muslim suicide bombers killed at least 81 Christians just yesterday at a church. In March, a Muslim mob torched 200 buildings at a Christian neighborhood of Lahore, Pakistan. In Egypt 60 Christian churches were burned during a four-day period last August, all by Muslims.
"Talking Points" could go on and on. And what is the Muslim world doing about it? Nothing. Pakistan, for example, allows terrorists to live in the northern part of the country pretty much unmolested. From there they can launch attacks on Afghanistan and blow up Christians inside Pakistan. Iran pretty much supports worldwide terrorism with arms and shelter. Yemen, a safe haven for Muslim terrorists. Somalia another chaotic place where terrorists can pretty much do what they want to do. In fact, the attack inside Kenya was launched from Somalia, according to reports.
There's simply no coordinated leadership to confront the jihad. President Obama is not going to do it; Great Britain and NATO not going to do it. In fact, the most aggressive country fighting the jihad is France, if you can believe it. Recently French troops defeated al Qaeda in the African country of Mali. France gets it. The French understand the danger from fanatical Muslims.
We're living in a cowardly world and the terrorist know it and sadly we can expect more death and destruction because the jihad is just getting started.
And that's "The Memo."

