By Bill O'Reilly
This woman, Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius has totally botched the rollout of the government mandated insurance program. This is so bad that even if you want to sign up, chances are you cannot. At least that's what CNN senior medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen is reporting.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ELIZABETH COHEN, CNN SENIOR MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT: I have been trying since day one to get an account and log in on Healthcare.gov. I failed again.
We couldn't make this page work.
And again.
It wouldn't log me in.
And again.
It's not working.
When I called the 1-800 number for help, the reps tell me volume is high and to try again during off peak hours. So I tried at 10:30 at night; 7:00 in the morning. And still, it didn't work.
So finally, I set my alarm clock for 3:00 a.m. Sunday morning. But guess what? The system was down for maintenance.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Maintenance? A joke. The system has been down since its inception two weeks ago. And you know what? It's never going to work because the whole Obamacare concept is impossible to understand -- simply a giant mess. Even President Obama's inner circle knows that.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GIBBS: This is excruciatingly embarrassing for the White House and for the health -- Department of Health and Human Services. This was bungled badly. I hope they are working day and night to get this done. And when they get it fixed, I hope they fire some people that were in charge of making sure that this thing was supposed to work.
We knew there were going to be some glitches, right? But these are glitches that go quite frankly way beyond the pale of what should be expected.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: It is troubling to say the least that President Obama will not acknowledge the problems Obamacare is having. All Mr. Obama has to do is grant a one year delay for individuals and families just like he did for American companies.
Give the folks a break, Mr. President. Your vision is not working right now. Maybe you can fix it but why inflict pain on the folks? Somebody wants to go through the hoops to sign up for Obamacare? Fine with me. But most Americans would rather wait until the system is ready. And they know how much Obamacare is going to cost them.
Last night Talking Points reported on an investigation by the "Chicago Tribune" as many workers in Illinois are getting hammered by Obamacare costs.
The stark truth is this. If you're making money, you'll pay more for your healthcare. That's because the President and his party want to give free healthcare to the poor. And the only way to do that is to take from those who have. There is no other way.
As we have reported from the very beginning, President Obama wants to redistribute income. That's his political philosophy. Almost everything he does leads in that direction -- higher taxes on corporations and the wealthy; higher local taxes; higher energy taxes, higher taxes if you want a vehicle. In fact, right now the feds are receiving more tax money from us than ever before in the history of the country.
And where is all of the tax money going? To those who do not have very much: food stamps have exploded; disability payments off the chart; new entitlement programs all day long.
The American people elected President Obama twice. He told us he was a moderate. He told us healthcare costs would generally go down. We now know those things are not true. And that's "The Memo."

