
By Bill O'Reilly
As you may know, 19-year-old Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleaded not guilty yesterday to 30 federal charges, including murder.
Tsarnaev and his brother killed three, wounded 260 others by setting off bombs at the Boston marathon finish line. Dzhokhar also killed a police officer while attempting to flee. Remember an eight-year-old boy was killed by the act of terror and there were many amputees.
Nevertheless, the slimy terrorist says he didn't do it and there are disturbed people supporting him.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Today, I would love to see him plead not guilty and force the prosecution to prove their case because there is so much... so much information out there that proves that they did not do this.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He has the right to live his life. Let him live his life. He is only 19 years old.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We're here to show our support. Let him know he has people out there that believe in him. And that he didn't do this and talk to people if they're going to listen. Tell them why we think he is innocent and our facts and evidence and the lack of facts and evidence to see if maybe we can wake a couple of people up and make them realize that this is not true.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: It's hard to believe. The trial of Tsarnaev is expected to last months and cost the taxpayers tens of millions of dollars.
But why should it last that long? The evidence against this thug is overwhelming. There are multiple eyewitnesses and what's his defense that he wasn't there? There are pictures showing him there. "Talking Points" is angry about this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: This is going to be a circus trial as well. This guy is going to play to the cameras, right? He pled not guilty, everybody knows he's guilty.
RACHEL SELF, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Well, but everybody doesn't know that he is guilty because, under our system of justice, you are not guilty until the government proves he's guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. Right?
O'REILLY: Ok do you know one human being on this earth, Rachel, that doesn't think he is guilty? One? Because I would like their name. I will put them on the program tomorrow. Give me one name.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: And I did put them on the program, the idiots standing outside the courtroom. Now the next court date for Tsarnaev is set for September 23rd. And that's "The Memo."

