By Bill O'Reilly
The polling is grim as the President continues to get hammered over Obamacare and a perceived lack of leadership. A new "The Washington Post"/ABC News poll where more Democrats participated than Republicans says the following: 55 percent now disapprove of the way President Obama is handling his job; 52 percent have an unfavorable overall impression of Barack Obama; 57 percent now oppose Obamacare and a whopping 65 percent oppose requiring Americans to have mandatory health insurance or pay a fine; and finally 71 percent of American adults want to delay the affordable healthcare law -- 71 percent.
Now that's just devastating and damaging to President Obama's effectiveness going forward. "Talking Points" does not say that with any joy. It's sad to see the nation in this kind of a situation. New Gallup poll spotlights the main problem. It says 56 percent of American adults believe the government is not, not responsible for providing health insurance to we the people. Just 42 percent say it is.
Now, no question there's blood in the political water and when that happens, when a President shows weakness his administration comes under siege. All kinds of things emerge. For example, the "New York Post" is reporting that the Census Bureau may have fabricated unemployment numbers one month before the Presidential election last year.
In October of 2012, the unemployment number dropped from 8.1 percent to 7.8 percent. Some economists found that very hard to believe. Immediately after the election, the unemployment rate went back up to 7.9 percent. If it's proved that unemployment numbers were manipulated, there will be hell to pay.
Already the House Oversight Committee has announced it will investigate. But tonight, there are reports debunking the story and we'll have more on it tomorrow.
So you can see there is more chaos on the horizon. And every American will feel it. We are a country that depends on a robust economy. We don't have one. President Obama vowed to make national health insurance mandates work. So far, the new law is a disaster.
Again, when a President becomes weakened, people take advantage both within the country and abroad.
And that's "The Memo."

