
By Laura Ingraham
In all my years of warning about the GOP moderates, I'm certain that this Senate immigration deal is the worst thing they've ever done. It's not good for the country. It's not good for the poor. It's not good for any of the principles they claim to support.
And of course the whole thing was a big rush job in order to prevent an all-out revolt in the GOP. The more time folks have to read this mess, the more we learn about how it doesn't do what it claims to do. Like the fact that border agents don't really have to be hired until 2017 and that it gives Janet Napolitano the discretion to nix any part of the border fence if she feels like it or that not only does the bill forgive past visa overstays but some future visa overstays are forgiven as well.
Or that they stuff the bill with so much pork - it's unbelievable, to appease senators who are last-minute holdouts. This is totally shady and it's shameful. This week the GOP should have focused on the Edward Snowden debacle, which is becoming more and more humiliating and which underscores Obama's complete inability to deal with China or Russia. We'll get into that later in the program.
But instead, the GOP will continue infuriating its own base and affirmatively hurting the wage earning prospects for American workers with this toxic immigration bill. You know, I don't see how the GOP coalition can really continue on this path because the priorities of the working people are either ignored all together or they are being openly dismissed.
So in other words, if Speaker John Boehner doesn't put an end to this nonsense, how can he expect an enthusiastic grassroots to rally around the GOP in the future? To the Senate Democrats who never gave up on this issue, and who played the GOP brilliantly, I say congrats. And to all the Republicans who supported this, well, know that you're writing your own political obituary. I hope you know that you've just participated in the political equivalent of a one-night stand. Once the Democrat leadership has had their way with you, they are not going to love you in the morning.
And that's "The Memo."

