By Bill O'Reilly
Immediately after the President's speech, CNN conducted a phone poll of 361 Americans who watched the address. The big question: What was your overall reaction to the speech? 35 percent very positive; 34 percent somewhat positive; 22 percent somewhat negative; eight percent very negative. So the speech was a hit, at least somewhat.
Second question, in general do you favor or oppose the President's approach to Syria; 61 percent favor. 37 percent oppose; two percent no opinion.
Now, that means that means that the President's statement that he'll delay military action also a congressional vote on the matter is being accepted by the public. They like the delay.
Question number 3: Do you think Barack Obama has made a convincing case to take military action in Syria: 47 percent yes; 50 percent no; three percent clueless. So the President did gain some ground last night with his speech, but not enough.
Perhaps the most telling question in the poll is this. Do you think it is in the national interest of the USA to be involved in the conflict in Syria? 39 percent say it is in the national interest. But 60 percent say no, it is not. That number means the American public still will not support a military strike against Syria. And believe me, Congress knows it.
"Talking Points" had no beef with President Obama's facts last night but his presentation was kind of flat. There is something called righteous anger you've seen it on THE FACTOR. That means you display appropriate emotion when bad things happen. Did the President do that? Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: To my friends on the left I ask you reconcile your belief in freedom and dignity for all people with those images of children arriving in pain and going still on a cold hospital floor. For sometimes resolutions and statements of condemnation are simply not enough.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Not enough passion, Mr. President, with dead children on the floor. You got to get a little worked up about it. That's what the President needs to do. Bring a sense of urgency, outrage and conviction to the table. Gassing children is Nazi stuff. Do we all understand that?
Now I don't believe President Obama will succeed in convincing the American public to support military action in Syria. Even on the left, he is being mocked.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Our President can't launch into another war without you. And remember, when we voted for him in 2008 and 2012, we promised to support him no matter what.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Together, we can do it.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That's why we here at the Americans for whatever Barack Obama's wants did you know he's friends with Jay-Z have launched a kick starter campaign to fund World War III.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The $1.6 trillion that we raise will help create a war that truly puts the "liberal" in neoliberal. There will be millions of troops.
Thousands of organic grass fed bombs, hybrid Prius tanks, rockets, controlled by iPads and drones that play the luminaries while they attack.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Once the President loses credibility on the life or death matter, the debate is pretty much over. So summing up, the President's speech on paper pretty good and he gained some ground, but not enough to turn the tide.
And that's "The Memo."

