By Bill O'Reilly
Well now I know Christmas is in the air because my pal Jon Stewart once again denying there is any problem with Christmas displays. Apparently Mr. Stewart has discarded the evidence I presented that there are major organizations intimidating Americans over Christmas displays in public. We've documented that time and time again including Monday night.
But alas, alas, Mr. Stewart is not getting the message. Here's his rap this year.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
STEWART: There has got to be someone who can defend Christmas with a little more authority.
O'REILLY: Over the years we've taken on the role of protecting the federal holiday of Christmas.
STEWART: Even though it is not in any way threatened. But I will bite since we do this dance every year. Tell me why this year it is especially egregious to use the phrase "happy holidays"?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: It is not "egregious", word of the day, to say happy holidays. It is egregious to sue school districts and towns if they display the manger or sing Christmas carols. Are you getting this, Stewart? Are you hearing me? You know what I think it is? Stewart just likes playing the Grinch.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: What is interesting this year is that Hanukkah will be over on Thursday, so there are no more holidays between then and Christmas Day.
STEWART: Damn you, O'Reilly.
We've have been check mated.
Without Hanukkah, we have no excuse to say "happy holidays". Plural because apparently you can't include anything past Christmas like Kwanzaa, epiphany and New Years.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: The epiphany, Stewart? The epiphany? Well here is an epiphany for you and your 18 writers. You guys are now on double secret predation. One more time buster, one more time and you are officially voided from Christmas with apologies to Dean Wormer.
Now the serious side of all this -- it is quite clear to anyone with a brain that there is a war between traditional Americans and secular progressives in this country. I wrote an entire book on this called "Culture Warrior". I sent it to Stewart.
In order to remake the United States into a progressive nation, the committed left must diminish Judeo-Christian tradition which stands in opposition to them. So they must get the religious influence out, out of the public arena. All the so-called progressive countries are secular. Just look at the map. But here in America we have maintained most of our Judeo-Christian traditions but they are under attack.
Here is what the secular progressives want: number one, cradle to grave entitlements; number two, income equality. That means that Americans would be guaranteed a certain lifestyle courtesy of other Americans who would pay for it. That's what President Obama is trying to accomplish.
Now, there is no overt religious tenet against the nanny state, so those things come under "render to Caesar". In a democracy the folks should decide what kind of political system they want.
But, number three, number three, unfettered abortion, that's another matter. The far left wants absolutely no restrictions on destroying a fetus, none. As you may know, we actually had a doctor in Philadelphia killing babies after they were born, thank God and I mean that literally, the man is in prison. Christians generally oppose abortion unless there is a catastrophic situation with the mother. The far left despises that point of view.
Number 4, gay marriage. And here the secular progressives have won. They have turned public opinion around and gay marriage is now legal in many places. Once again, the Judeo-Christian philosophy opposes marriage unless it is between one man and one woman. And it took years for the secularists to hammer that point of view into the wall but they succeeded.
And finally number 5, legalized narcotics the Judeo-Christian view is intoxication is morally wrong because you are altering your state of mind artificially. Basically you are abusing your body and mind which are from God. Again the SP's despise that point of view.
So any public display of Christianity is not good for the progressive cause; therefore, the far left has succeeded in getting prayer out of the public school systems. And if you want to say a prayer before a public meeting, get ready for trouble. That's the big picture.
The struggle between traditional Americans who believe that Judeo- Christian philosophy strengthens the nation and the secular progressives who believe that America is an unfair place that must be drastically changed is ongoing.
And the tactics are brutal. If you oppose unfettered abortion, you are declaring a war on women. If you oppose gay marriage, you are homophobic. If you oppose legalization of drugs you are out-of-touch an old young foggy. And if you oppose cradle-to-grave entitlements, you hate poor people.
So I hope Jon Stewart will reconsider the situation because, in his heart, he knows I'm right. Christmas is a huge symbol of the cultural struggle in this country and has been for years. And what a great Christmas gift it would be for Jon Stewart to finally admit it.
And that's "The Memo."

