By Bill O'Reilly
Last night Charles Krauthammer and I debated whether or not President Obama lied to the American people about Obamacare. In order to bear false witness a person has to know explicitly that what he or she is saying is not true and the false statement has to benefit the speaker. Lying is one of the several deadly sins for a reason.
Dr. Krauthammer correctly pointed to the Benghazi deception as a lie. You remember the Obama administration put out U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice to tell the world the American Ambassador in Libya might have been killed by spontaneous demonstration. Evidence shows the administration knew otherwise.
But we don't know, we don't know if President Obama directly ordered that deceit. We do know he did nothing to correct it. We also know that Mr. Obama said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: Actually, any insurance that you currently have would be grandfathered in so you could keep it. And so you could decide could not get in the exchange the better plan. I could keep my Acme Insurance just to hide deductible catastrophic plans I would not be required to get the better one.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: As it turns out, millions of Americans will not be allowed to keep their health insurance plan but again was the President misinformed or bearing false witness intentionally.
"The Wall Street Journal" today accused President Obama of falsehoods. "The Washington Post" wrote that his healthcare assertions were not completely true. Both papers did not use the word lie. It is important for responsible news agencies and "The Factor" is in that category to be very precise when lodging accusations. Did the President mislead the country? Absolutely -- no question about it. Did he know he was misleading it? Maybe -- most likely. Did he lie? It's very possible but the evidence is not conclusive.
Here is a good example of a provable lie just so you know.
Last night Bill Maher a progressive zealot accused me of promoting the Republican Party, implying that I use talking points from the GOP. That's a lie. I have never received Republican talking points in my life. Anyone who watches this program knows we are often very tough on the GOP but Maher doesn't care. He has nothing to lose by spouting dishonest gibberish. In fact he makes money doing it.
President Obama has a lot to lose if he did indeed tell outright lies to the American people. In fact, he could be impeached if that were proved beyond a reasonable doubt.
So why would the President risk that? The key question in this intense debate. And that's "The Memo."

