

O'REILLY: "Impact Segment" tonight. Is there a rise of hate crimes in the U.S.A. in the wake of the Trayvon Martin verdict.
All over the country, police are arresting black men and some girls for assaulting white people. The national media pretty much ignoring the story but two cases here in New York have removed all doubt that serial hate attacks are going on.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Sixty-two-year-old Jeffrey Babbitt, killed after being attacked by 40- year-oldl Martin Redrick who is screaming, "I'm gonna punch the first white man I see."
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Also, in New York City, 31-year-old white man was punched in the face and called a "cracker" allegedly by a black man who's now being hunted by police. In Pittsburgh, 32-year-old Ginger Slepski, beaten by four black teenage girls who were calling her a "white bitch."
The girls have been arrested. Slepski suffered a concussion and other injuries. In New Orleans, for boys and a girl have been arrested in hate crime on a man. Police say the black teens yelled, "Homophobic" and racial slurs at him.
DR. DONALD TIBBS, ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, HATE-CRIMES EXPERT: So, Bill, thank you for having me on the show. And I think I would like to first begin by saying that I'm deeply saddened by the people who experience this type of racial violence.
Racial violence, in any context, is something that I think we want to eliminate from society, American society as a whole. It's no fun to be a victim of violence whether racial or otherwise.
I think though, perhaps, I might draw a little bit of a line between these attacks and what happened in the Trayvon Martin case and he cause of connection that, some ways, they're being categorized.
I'm not exactly sure that I see a cause of connection here. I think racial violence is on the up-rise. It's been on the up-rise for a number of years.
But if you look at the storylines that are pitched, and we had an opportunity to read all the stories, not at one time or at any moment was there any mention that this is payback for Trayvon Martin.
O'REILLY: No, that's true.
TIBBS: So, I don't think I would perhaps extend it that far.
O'REILLY: There were some incidents, one in Minnesota and another, I think, in Arizona, where Mr. Martin's name was mentioned. But you said there is a rise in racial violence. Why.
TIBBS: I think that part of it is that there is -- the racial animus has never gone away. It's something that is a part of our historiography.
I think the president explained that very well in his comments on Trayvon Martin. And so, I don't think that we are eliminating racial violence.
As a matter of fact, our refusal to sort of talk about race and racism, and the systemic aspects in which race is institutionalized in America, is causing more animus between black and white and brown and other.
O'REILLY: But all the polls say that both blacks and whites, the racial climate improving here, even in the wake of controversial stories like Trayvon Martin.
All the polls say that most of the folks, in black and white, see the things getting better, so why would racial violence be getting worse.
TIBBS: I think what's happening and what you're starting to see is -- this is more along the lines of individualized acts. And I don't -- that's why I think we have to be a little bit more cautious about how we draw our connections.
O'REILLY: OK. I don't want to interrupt you but, as you probably know, that my theory is that young black men in particular -- and I think it stems over the girls as well, are becoming increasingly violent because of the disillusion of the traditional black home.
And that you see in Chicago. And now, you're seeing it spread out in these mindless acts of violence, Spokane, Oklahoma City -- you know, we're seeing all of this. So, are you tying that in to these crimes.
TIBBS: So, I think, if what I hear you saying correct, are African- Americans feeling more disenfranchised in a post-Civil Rights era as a result of not receiving some of the benefits that was supposed to be a part of the Civil Rights movement.
O'REILLY: No, no, no. But it's more personal than that. Young black men are angry, they don't have father around. And they're angry. And they act out in these violent ways.
(LAUGHTER)
TIBBS: I don't think that that's a fair extrapolation, Bill.
O'REILLY: No? I do.
TIBBS: No, absolutely not.
O'REILLY: I think that's absolutely the root of all of this.
TIBBS: No, not at all.
O'REILLY: All right, doctor. I mean, you know, we have our respectful disagreement on that but --
TIBBS: I think we do, sorry.
O'REILLY: It's distressing to hear that you believe there is a rise in this racial violence because, as you said, this should absolutely not be tolerated.


