
By Bill O'Reilly
Back in 1948 little Al Gore was born with a silver spoon in his mouth and maybe, maybe it should have stayed there. His father an oil man and a senator of the United States raised Al in privilege. And with all the comforts he became a champion of the left in adulthood cashing in big time on the global warming issue.
The former vice president used some of that money to then invest in a far left cable network that has been a colossal failure. And so Al and his merry men decided to sell that network. And according to the "New York Times" today, they wanted to close the deal last week to avoid the higher capital gains tax this year. It sounds like good business sense, right?
But here's what's confusing. Just two months ago old Al gave an interview to the Reuters News Service and said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GORE: The single most popular proposal we had was to reduce taxes on working people and lift the higher rate. Let's give an incentive to work and let's ask the most fortunate in our society, including me and you.
REUTERS HOST: Yes.
GORE: To do our fair share.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: To do our fair share. Isn't that fascinating? So, what is our fair share? Oh, I guess that means selling assets at the lower capital gains rate.
And it even gets worse. Al Gore sold his cable network to, wait for it -- Al Jazeera -- the anti-American network out of Qatar which recently ran a documentary sympathetic to Osama bin Laden.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is the story of bin Laden, through the eyes of people who met him.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He was very conscious of his appearance. He would touch his beard, robe.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: When he looked me in the eyes and he was answering my questions, he had the tone and manner of an old uncle.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Oh, an old uncle who is a mass murderer? Now when you think about it, this is really stunning. A former vice president of the United States selling his far-left cable operation to anti-Americans and then trying to jam the deal to avoid taxes to the federal government.
"Talking Points" believes Al Gore has shamed himself simply by selling to Al Jazeera which will now have access to about 40 million more American homes. Now I'm not for censuring Al Jazeera that's what they do in the Islamic world. We are better than that here.
But this is just sleazy, Al. This is disgraceful. Perhaps the "New York Times" got it wrong and Al Gore did not try to avoid paying higher taxes. If that's the case, we'll be happy to correct the record and give Mr. Gore all the time he wants on "The Factor" to set things straight.
But I think we all know that old Al isn't coming on this program. He never has and I don't believe he ever will because we have problems with hypocrites in the "No Spin Zone." And Al well knows it.
And that's "The Memo."

