
By Bill O'Reilly
There is no question that many on the left are very disappointed the two suspects in the terror bombing are Muslim. And it's sad to say that many in the Muslim world will never believe the Tsarnaev brothers committed the atrocity. Listen to their mother.
(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)
ZUBEIDAT TSARNAEV: Tamerlan was the most gentle, the most nicest, the loving, the most loving boy. The most loving -- my boy, they killed him. They killed him.
You know what I think? I think now they will try, they will try to make my Dzhokhar guilty because they, they just took away his voice, his ability to talk to the world. You know why they did that? They did it because, because they did not want the truth to come out, ok?
(END AUDIO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, there is nothing on earth that can make that woman accept reality. And that's a big problem with the terror war. No matter proof, no matter of what you see with your own eyes, it's going to be crazy people who deny reality, that the Islamic jihad is a threat to the world. No matter what you present they are not going to accept it.
Now even a powerful institution like NBC News employs people who denigrate the serious issue of Islamic terrorism.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ALEX WAGNER, MSNBC HOST: I think that Krauthammer and O'Reilly going after the President and saying he is not being tough enough on Muslims smelled a little bit like a precursor to, "Is the President actually secretly a Muslim?"
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Hard to believe that person is given a national platform by NBC News, almost impossible to believe. I mean, what is Comcast thinking? The Factor's second rerun at 4:00 in the morning now beats MSNBC's 8:00 p.m. prime time broadcast. At least it did yesterday.
For the record, Charles Krauthammer and I did not say that President Obama is not, quote, "tough enough on Muslims." We specifically analyzed why the President will not use the words Muslim jihad in describing the motive of the terror attack.
And then there is the university system in America. Which is now so radicalized it's absurd. Listen to Georgetown Professor Charles King.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PROF. CHARLES KING, GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY: At the end of the day if we are looking for motivation for this particular act, I think it's going to lie in the way that they are radicalized in the United States. And keep in mind that on his -- on the elder brother, Tamerlan's YouTube channel, there are an equal number of rap videos.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So what? What does that mean? At the end of the day, Professor, your analysis is flat out foolish.
The overwhelming evidence is that these two brothers killed four Americans and hurt more than 200 others in the name of Allah, period. I know many people who lost loved ones because of the jihad on 9/11 and the wars overseas. And believe me they are furious when they hear garbage like this spouted from the people we just featured. It's insulting to them. And to the memories of the good people they had to bury.
So "Talking Points" is going on a jihad of another stripe. Every time, every time a high profile person starts to spout gibberish about deadly terrorism I will embarrass that person on this broadcast. Public opinion is the only way to stop this madness.
And that's "The Memo."

