

O'REILLY: "Impact Segment" tonight, is there a war on babies in America? To begin this report, we start with a premise that all Americans must, must accept. When a woman undergoes an abortion, a baby will not be born -- simple fact.
The leading abortion provider in the USA is Planned Parenthood which would not provide information to us for this report. In a four-year period ending in 2012, Planned Parenthood referred or provided 1,322,853 abortions. Slightly less than half of all of the abortions performed in the USA. That's according to their annual reports which are public.
From those operations, Planned Parenthood derived between $100 million and $300 million per year. We don't know exactly how much because the organization won't tell us. Planned Parenthood is a tax exempt organization so what they do is subsidized by the taxpayer. Also, what they do with the money they get from the abortions isn't known but we do know that this tax exempt organization had close to $60 million leftover in the fiscal year 2012-2013.
In addition, according to the Guttmacher Institute, 17 states used tax money to fund abortions through Planned Parenthood. Federal money cannot go toward abortion. We listed the states involved on billoreilly.com.
So you can see that this is one very powerful organization and very profitable organization. And it's having a profound effect on the nation's population.
Joining us now from Washington to analyze, Republican Kate Obenshain and Democrat Kirsten Powers -- also a Fox News analyst. So Powers we'll begin with you. Your impression of the statistics I just gave you.
KIRSTEN POWERS, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, I mean, I guess, I'm going try to be -- I am pro-life and I'm not a fan of Planned Parenthood doing abortions obviously. However, I do appreciate what Planned Parenthood does in the other areas in terms of family planning and providing other services to women including birth control. So you know I want to be fair to them in that sense. I think that they -- they're not making money off of this as a lot of people say. I mean even when you --
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: Abortions they are. They're making an enormous profit then the other things -- the other things they don't make -- let's just be factual.
(CROSSTALK)
POWERS: But no, no when you say, they are making --
O'REILLY: The other things they don't make money on, abortions they do make money on. Lots of money.
POWERS: Bill but there is a difference between making money off of a service that you provide which covers the service you provide and making a profit or somehow --
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: They make a profit, Powers -- $60 million leftover is profit.
(CROSSTALK)
POWERS: No, but it's a nonprofit and that money is reinvested into the organization.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: It's nonprofit in name only.
POWERS: It's not like they are dividing it up and giving bonuses. You know this is not like you had a Planned Parenthood who is making more money off of the abortion.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: You don't know where they're dividing it up because we don't know. Kirsten -- Kirsten listen to me. You don't know what you're talking about because they won't tell us.
POWERS: Yes, I do know what I'm talking about.
O'REILLY: You don't know what they're doing with the money. We don't know what they're doing with the money. It's just leftover. All right. I got to get Kate in here. You heard my stats all right. Kirsten mounted I guess with some kind of tepid defense. I'm not sure what she mounted. But what do you think about the information that I presented?
KATE OBENSHAIN, REPUBLICAN STRATEGIST: Yes I think it's devastating. I think it's devastating that we -- the American taxpayers gave about half a billion dollars a year to Planned Parenthood which is an abortion provider. Kirsten talks about --
O'REILLY: That's in the states now that you're talking the 17 states. Because remember the federal money can't go for abortion. They can go to Planned Parenthood but they have to delineate it out to the other services. Go ahead.
OBENSHAIN: My point is that a half a billion dollars in the federal taxpayer funds go to Planned Parenthood. They can say that they don't use it for abortion. I think you and I and everybody else watching this knows that some of that money goes to a pot and it goes out.
But what Kirsten said about all of the other great things they do, well a year ago, Barack Obama praised Planned Parenthood for providing mammograms. Well as it turns out not a single Planned Parenthood clinic provides mammograms. We now know that.
Then they claim credit for all those beautiful family planning. We'll look in their budget, big distinctions in their budget. They put tons of money into publicity, promotion, family planning. That is advocacy of abortion which the majority of American people do not believe in taxpayer fund or taxpayer subsidized abortions. They also don't agree with taxpayer subsidized propaganda promoting abortion.
O'REILLY: OK now Kirsten I want to get your reaction to this -- all right. About less than 10 percent of all the women who go in do adoptions. I mean it's overwhelmingly abortion from Planned Parenthood. I mean and I think that we all can agree that they're in business to provide that service. Not adoptions. All right they're providing abortions. Whether you think it's for profit or not, I believe it is. You believe it isn't.
But the adoption thing should be much higher, should it not, if they are true family planners in a fair and balanced way?
POWERS: Yes I've I always said that I think Planned Parenthood should be working with adoption agencies and doing more --
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: But they don't, do they?
POWERS: -- to help facilitate abortion. No. They would say that they --
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: No, no I don't care what they would say. The fact, getting back to the facts.
POWERS: Yes.
O'REILLY: They don't work with adoption agencies, do they?
POWERS: Right. But Bill -- but Bill also, you are looking at this as a person who sees what they're doing as being completely wrong, right?
O'REILLY: No I'm not coming at it from a moral point of view. I'm coming at it from a fairness point of view.
POWERS: Well most American -- every American doesn't agree with you. And when you say there's a war on babies, it --
O'REILLY: I said is there a war on babies?
POWERS: OK you're asking the question is there a war on babies.
O'REILLY: Yes.
POWERS: And I would say that you -- that -- that you have to bear in mind as much as you don't like it and you disagree with it, there are a lot of people who don't think that an abortion is killing a baby.
O'REILLY: OK.
POWERS: Now, I don't agree with that. I'm just saying that you have to understand that they are not --
O'REILLY: That's why I did in the lead Kirsten and Kate I'm going to give you 30 seconds to wrap. That's why I did it in the lead.
KIRSTEN: OK.
O'REILLY: That's why I said it in the lead. We all agree having an abortion prevents birth of a baby. I didn't get into any of the semantics because that's what it always is. And now I am launching a war on women just by presenting facts. But there's no war on babies. There is a war on women; 30 seconds, Kate. Go.
OBENSHAIN: Right. You're not allowed to criticize Planned Parenthood. When you do it will be like the Susan B. Komen Foundation and you're bullied and terrorized. But look Planned Parenthood, does not, I mean there is a war against babies so there's also a war against young people. This is a group that has fought the -- they've assisted with sex trafficking in numerous places they have and fought laws that would require abortion clinics to report on --
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: That's right underage.
OBENSHAIN: -- sexual abuse of 14 year olds and under that is -- because it violates their right to privacy. This is an organization, Bill, that is completely contrary to the ethics to the belief and foundation of the American people.
O'REILLY: All right good debate. Good debate the facts are facts. We want everybody to make up their own mind. We're not coming at it from a moral point of view here this morning. Factual point of view.



