
By Bill O'Reilly
Because anything can happen at any time, we may quickly go to FNC's hard news folks during this hour to give you the latest on the Boston situation as it unfolds. So, if I suddenly disappear from view don't be startled, it may be a good thing.
As you may know, there was some confusion surrounding the investigation today. But tonight it looks like authorities are closing in on possible villains. Also, on the terror front, letters containing traces of Ricin, a poison, have been sent to Washington. One mailed to President Obama, the others to some Senators. Of course those letters were intercepted. Since 9/11, all mail going to our elected officials in D.C. is screened.
On the casualty front we now know the identities of the three people killed in the bombing. They are 8-year-old Martin Richard, a third grader from Dorchester, a working class neighborhood of Boston. 29-year-old Krystle Campbell, a restaurant manager from Medford, Massachusetts. And 23-year-old Lu Lingzi, a Chinese national who was studying at Boston University. We'll have more on these people in just a few moments.
Also at least 13 other people have had limbs amputated. And a number of the 176 casualties from Monday's bombing remain in serious condition.
Now, please keep all of that in mind while digesting the following. Some media people are exploiting the terror attack. Others are speculating in an irresponsible way.
Here are some examples.
(BEGIN VIDEO MONTAGE)
That kind of garbage is foolish and unnecessary, but the worst we have seen comes from a syndicated columnist. David Sirota who writes out of Denver, Colorado says quote, "If you care about everything from stopping war to reducing the defense budget to protecting civil liberties to passing immigration reform, you should hope the bomber was a white domestic terrorist. Why? Because only in that case will [white] privilege work to prevent the Boston attack from potentially undermining progress on those other issues," unquote.
That's just appalling. This loon hopes that a deranged American killed other Americans so his own political agenda is not scrutinized.
It's hard to believe but this is the tone of the debate in America today. More on that in our second segment tonight featuring Barney Frank, wait until you see what this guy said.
And that's "The Memo."

