

O'REILLY: "Lou's the Boss" segment tonight two hot topics beginning with new information about the IRS targeting conservative Americans. Here now Fox Business anchor, Lou Dobbs. So what's the new information?
LOU DOBBBS, FOX BUSINESS ANCHOR: New information, new e-mails disclosed and Dave Camp the chairman of Ways and Means letting these e- mails move out in which Lois Lerner who famously took the Fifth Amendment on the IRS scandal saying that laying it out before -- before it was generally known that they were targeting saying that this is going to be problematic. We've got to be careful --
O'REILLY: About the Tea Party?
DOBBS: The Tea Party and other conservative groups.
O'REILLY: And the Tea Party is mentioned in that.
DOBBS: Right.
O'REILLY: So Lerner says that she didn't know anything about this targeting of the Tea Party until June. But these e-mails are February?
DOBBS: And May. She specifically lays out the fact that they could be extraordinarily dangerous.
O'REILLY: All right so now we have Lerner lying in -- lying.
DOBBS: Lying.
O'REILLY: Yes that's why she took the Fifth because she didn't want to lie under oath --
DOBBS: Exactly.
O'REILLY: -- you put her in jail.
So why don't -- why doesn't the Republican Party go after this woman? Because this is the whole case -- Lerner is the whole case.
DOBBS: You're exactly right. And Darrell Issa, Dave Camp, all of these chairmen, have to decide that this will be carried out this investigation, to a conclusion. There has to be accountability.
O'REILLY: And because right now we don't know where it is and Syria has knocked it off you know the consciousness.
DOBBS: There's all sorts of distractions, deflections.
O'REILLY: Right.
O'REILLY: And reality is this administration isn't being held accountable for what is outright corruption, political corruption.
O'REILLY: And we still -- and we still don't know who in the White House was the liaison on all of this.
DOBBS: Correct.
O'REILLY: And you know, but we know that the IRS visited the White House way too many times.
All right, unemployment rate in this country has dropped to 7.3 percent.
DOBBS: Right.
O'REILLY: But then they tell us that people aren't even looking for jobs at a record number. That if everybody who is eligible to work, I guess that's under age 65 was looking for jobs the unemployment rate would be 11 percent, not 7.3 percent.
But, there is always a but, and that's why -- that's why these business pinheads, you just, your head will blow off. But one of the reasons why they are not looking for jobs many baby boomers like me are retiring.
DOBBS: Right.
O'REILLY: Right?
DOBBS: And at a rate of about 10,000 a day. There are 77 million baby boomers born between the years -- after 1946.
O'REILLY: '46 right.
DOBBS: And as we watched them retiring at a rate of about 3.5 million a year, replacing them are the so-called millennials and they are not getting jobs.
O'REILLY: But so it's not really fair though than to blame Obama for a soft job market when so many people are retiring.
DOBBS: Actually, I wouldn't blame just Obama. There are a host of factors that go into why we are not creating jobs.
O'REILLY: See I think the more important stat is the underemployed people. The people who can't get full-time work who want it and need it.
DOBBS: Right, right.
O'REILLY: I think that's the real key.
DOBBS: The so-called U6 in the labor.
O'REILLY: Right.
DOBBS: The unemployed, those who've given up. I mean when we go to that level, we're talking about 23 million Americans who are either out of work, underemployed or who have simply given up working.
O'REILLY: Ok but when they give up working they get $40,000 in entitlements.
DOBBS: Yes.
O'REILLY: Did you see the poverty piece we did last night where everybody has got colored TVs and air conditioners and washer and dryers?
DOBBS: And God bless. But what the left has got to do is accommodate their own thinking to new circumstances. They talk about joblessness or poverty as if it were analogous to 1965. It's nonsense, it's quite a different thing. What they should be focusing on is public education because that is the great equalizer in our society.
O'REILLY: But they can't do that if they admit that the reason the education is poor is because the family unit is disintegrated.
DOBBS: Exactly.
O'REILLY: And there is no parents pushing the kids to learn and they just dump it on the teachers.
DOBBS: And the Republican Party has got to -- come to terms.
O'REILLY: They don't care.
DOBBS: Well they may not.
O'REILLY: It's not their issue.
DOBBS: They may not because they are not doing it.
O'REILLY: No they are not doing it. I mean this should be a big campaign, and we're doing this campaign, that the family dissolution, particularly in the poorer precincts, both black and white and Hispanic. Right it doesn't matter what color you are if don't have a dad.
DOBBS: Exactly.
O'REILLY: And your mother can -- you know standing around with four kids and no skills.
DOBBS: And the left always turn that discussion into a racial discussion.
O'REILLY: Always, I mean or an anti-poor. You're anti-poor, you're against poor people.
DOBBS: Yes really bad. Bad people.
O'REILLY: All right Lou Dobbs, everybody.


