
By Bill O'Reilly
As alert Americans know, former Ambassador Susan Rice misled the world about the assassination of the American Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens. Despite being told by the CIA that an organized terror attack may have killed the Ambassador and three other Americans, Ms. Rice went on TV and said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SUSAN RICE: The best information and the best assessment we have today is that in fact, this was not a pre-planned, premeditated attack. That what happened initially was that it was a spontaneous reaction to what had just transpired in Cairo, as a consequence of the video.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, that caused a huge controversy and the Benghazi situation is still unresolved. Americans still don't know who screwed the whole thing up. So, you would think that Ambassador Rice would keep a low profile. You would think.
Today, President Obama announced that Ambassador Rice is his new national security advisor. She'll replace Tom Donilon, who will leave in July.
Some pundits say this is an insult to the Republican Party but it's not. It is defiance to all Americans who care about protecting diplomats abroad.
"Talking Points" doesn't believe Susan Rice lied. I believe she was told what to say and said it she did no investigation herself. But Ms. Rice knows, she knows who gave her the misleading talking points and she will not testify to that. Therefore, Susan Rice is the face of the Benghazi chaos.
And now she has been rewarded, promoted by a President who also refuses to explain what happened in Libya. Outrageous? You bet.
The President will also not explain the IRS situation. His defenders denying that former IRS Chief Douglas Shulman visited the White House 157 times. But he was cleared into the people's house 157 times. That is a fact. Those who diminish the Shulman factor are lying directly to you, of course, the White House can clear all this up very easily. The President chooses not to and his acolytes defend that.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
STEPHANIE CUTTER, FORMER ADVISOR TO PRESIDENT OBAMA: Many of those meetings were for healthcare implementation. I was in them with him. So there is nothing nefarious going on just because Bill O'Reilly is raising questions about it. It doesn't mean that there is actually anything going on here.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Oh it's just dumb. It's just dumb. If there wasn't anything going on, then the White House should release information about the meetings. They have it. Release it. Right?
So what we have here is a defiant president, if he wants to promote Ambassador Rice he's going to do it. If he wants to stonewall about the IRS commissioner, he'll do that as well. And that's where we are on June 5th, 2013.
And that's "The Memo."

