

O'REILLY: You must be really excited about the deal in Washington, right?
DENNIS MILLER, RADIO TALK SHOW HOST: Listen. I tell you, Billy, I'm at the red butler(INAUDIBLE). Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn. Honest to God, I was going to watch baseball tonight. I'm having dinner with my son. I'm going to hit the sack early. A pox on both their houses and no doubt they will charge me for the pox vaccine.
All I can say is this, it's not working and I'm 60-years-old later this month and I'm not going to spend any more days wondering about these morons up on the hill. Figure out what you want me to pay. I'll give you a thousand extra bucks. Let's never talk again. How's that?
O'REILLY: Very generous. Very generous.
MILLER: Think about what you want me and I'll give you a little tip money. And if you see me in spa, I will pay what you want.
O'REILLY: I tell you what they want, they want 40 percent federal.
MILLER: Yes.
O'REILLY: All right? You have like 18 homes. They want property taxes on all of that.
MILLER: Fine.
O'REILLY: And your Lamborghini, they are going to charge you to fill it up with a buck federal tax on the Lamborghini. You're going to have to sell your tie.
MILLER: Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. President, I did well. Guess what, not all of us go into the bubble when we're 20 and have everything come for the next 40 years.
O'REILLY: You sound a little --
MILLER: I am a little, you know, Billy. I worked my arse off. I didn't wake up every morning asking how do I gained it? I find those guys creepy. If they can't get it at the end, and look it into the cavern because really, just figure out what you want and leave me alone. I'm sick of it. All right?
O'REILLY: I like that. I kind of like that, you know.
MILLER: You can't get any crazier than putting up saw horses outside of the World War II memorial and mock an old man that gave us our country and saw horses outside of the consulate in Benghazi, Libya. It's insane. We fell through the bunny hole.
O'REILLY: And we don't have any leadership at the executive level.
MILLER: And that guy makes sense to me. I'm joining his crew.
O'REILLY: Nelly. He's in the upper echelon like you.
MILLER: My name is really old white ice and your rap name is killing ice.
O'REILLY: All right. Now, I'm going to get you more worked up, Miller. More worked up.
MILLER: Is Obamacare --
O'REILLY: They don't have hospital visits. Bill Ayers, yes, has a book out. He wants you to buy it. So he makes money.
MILLER: You're a waste of a dust jacket, OK? You're a man, a ponytail in search of a man your entire life. Is there anything said other than the boy who feared the man becoming the old man who is the man? Do you think he of really honest, (INAUDIBLE) would stand at a pharmacy counter arguing over a co-pay? You're a hack, all right?
O'REILLY: And we invited him on and he wouldn't come on. Are you surprised? No?
MILLER: No. Is there anything sadder than a radical who's on pension? You are sitting on a log telling me not to trust anyone over 30. He's the guy.
O'REILLY: "Killing Jesus" has estimated it sell five million copies, all right? How many think, these guys are going to sell this book. Give me a guess because you are probably going to be right. I'm in.
MILLER: He thinks it s a book about keeping illegals on cold killing hays (ph). He doesn't even know what that book is about.
O'REILLY: Maybe. I say this book is going to sell 2,000 copies. A lot of giveaways in that.
All right. We haven't seen one of your close, personal friends, vice president Biden. No, I haven't seen him. Your theory about why we haven't seen him?
MILLER: Well, because plugs McKenzie. They get him out of town so he can't talk when it hits the fan. They've got him up at camp David. He's running around all day in a line clock going up to people and say, hey, are you David? Thanks for having me? Are you David? Thanks for having me.
And I tell you what, when they do spill Benghazi, it's going to be him because Hillary flipped a dime on him yesterday. Did you hear that? Saying he was a wooz about Benghazi. And you know what? About Osama bin Laden, she told --
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: Let me set it up. If you haven't heard this, apparently there was an off the record behind closed door meeting with Hillary Clinton. She's raising money. I mean, that is why she is going to run for president. And she dissed Biden by saying that, as Miller pointed out, he wasn't man enough to go after bin Laden, which she was.
MILLER: Yes. That's the wrong button to hit with the guy who is fake and diner talk, you know, with other people. He's a big gearless guy who thinks he's big Joe Biden and question his manhood. And I'm telling you, the person who is going to flip on her, Benghazi when it hits the fan for that nomination, it's going to be McKenzie.
O'REILLY: You think so?
MILLER: They went after his manhood. Listen, a guy who fakes his IQ on his college record, yes. You can't leave with that.
O'REILLY: But you went after his manhood. Are you saying he is running around --
MILLER: I'm not running for president. I don't think I'm important. Figure out what I owe you and leave me alone.
O'REILLY: You're back to that team.
Yes, well, that's it. I just want to put the hood on these people like falcons. I want to get some sleep.
O'REILLY: Let me ask you a question. If you had an opportunity you have dinner with either the president or vice president, who would you go with?
MILLER: Billy I've told you this before --
O'REILLY: And they pay.
MILLER: Barack Obama is not my type of guy.
O'REILLY: But you can have dinner with either/or. You have to select one.
MILLER: Yes. And I cannot eat. And that's why.
O'REILLY: You would starve?
MILLER: Yes. I would care less about those people. I don't find them noble men.
O'REILLY: But maybe you could persuade them.
MILLER: You have dinner with them. They gave you a cookie at a Christmas party years ago and you're still on that diet. You leave me alone. I don't want to.
O'REILLY: You are at this age of Southern California. You might be able to change them.
MILLER: And the brightest thing I do on a daily basis is avoid creeps at dinner.
O'REILLY: I guess he's not going to go.
All right, Miller, it's always good to see you.
MILLER: I'm a little angry today.
O'REILLY: We have security standing by.
MILLER: That's a cute tie.
O'REILLY: Thank you.


