
By Laura Ingraham
So, with all the problems facing America today — unacceptably high unemployment, skyrocketing healthcare costs and now Russia and China thumbing their noses at us in the Snowden debacle, today the President announced a big new plan to tackle -- drum roll, please -- global warming.
At a Georgetown University speech, he announced that the EPA will do what he couldn't get Congress to do. Issue regulations that will make it more expensive for traditional energy companies to do business in the United States. Of course at the same time, he gives benefits and special breaks to solar and wind power companies, including another $8 billion in loan guarantees.
Now remember how well that worked out last time? Can you say Solyndra or Fisker Automotive? So who cares if the President's plan results on higher energy cost for the American people and kills thousands of jobs in the oil and gas industries. At least Al Gore and Leo DiCaprio will be happy.
The President is wildly out of touch with the concerns of the American people -- gun control, massive amnesty push and now this. These issues don't rank in the top 10 or top 20 of voter concerns but they are on the top of the far left's wish list.
Folks are saying that the President is now in "legacy mode." He did big healthcare, so now he wants big immigration reform and then big climate change action. The President, as usual, well, he wraps up his new plan around protecting the children. This is the same President, of course, who thinks it's just hunky-dory to give half a billion dollars taxpayer money to the biggest killer of the unborn, Planned Parenthood.
In the end, if we do not have a robust growing economy producing good jobs that pay decent wages, if we don't cut the deficit and long-term debt, our children's future will be bleak. Their wages are going to be low and their standard of living diminished.
So forgive me, Mr. President, if I'm not warming up to your climate change silliness, when there are so many other pressing problems on the table.
And that's "The Memo."

