By Bill O'Reilly
It is beyond a reasonable doubt that the President and his administration mislead Americans about Obamacare. "Talking Points" is tired of hearing the President's past statements that we'll be allowed to keep our health insurance plans, period. That's not true. And the President should admit it right now. But he won't.
Instead yesterday, he launched into a torturous explanation about health insurance plans in place before the Affordable Care Act became law.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: So we wrote into the Affordable Care Act "You're grandfathered in on that plan. But if the insurance company changes it, then what we are saying is they've got to change it to a higher standard. They've got to make it better. They've got to improve the quality of the plan that they are selling.
And that's part of the promise that we made, too. That's why we went out of our way to make sure that the law allowed for grandfathering.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: "Talking Points" submits there is not a grandfather in the entire country who knows what the President is talking about. The truth is, insurance companies change their policies all the time and if those policies do not comply with Obamacare, you can't have them, period -- as the President is so fond of saying.
And here is the proof. In 2010, Mr. Obama said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: Actually, any insurance that you currently have would be grandfathered in so you could keep it. And so you could decide not to get in the exchange, the better plan. I could keep my Acme insurance just to high deductible catastrophic plan. I would not be required to get the better one.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Not true. Again, if your insurance company does not comply with the Obamacare mandate, you can't keep it. Few if any insurance plans stay static. There are always changes so this is yet another slight of hand.
President Obama is making a huge mistake by continuing to pettifog the issue. The American people are not going to micromanage Obamacare and the perception now is the President did not tell the truth. And when Americans even those who favor the Democratic Party believe they are not being dealt with squarely, they react. Recent history proves this. You may remember that President Bush the elder running against Michael Dukakis said this at the 1988 Republican convention.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BUSH: I'm the one who will not raise taxes. My opponent now says -- my opponent now says he will raise them as a last resort or a third resort. But when a politician talks like that, you know that's one resort he will be checking into.
And my opponent -- my opponent won't rule out raising taxes but I will and the Congress will push me to raise taxes and I will say no. And they will push and I will say no and they will push again and I will say to them "Read my lips -- no new taxes."
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, that turned out to be false. Mr. Bush raised taxes in 1990 to the tune of $140 billion. He explained to the nation he had to do it because of the huge budget deficit. By the way that deficit is minuscule compared to what we have now.
Anyway in 1992, President Bush lost the election to Bill Clinton. In fact, Mr. Bush was hammered losing the popular vote by almost six million. The "read my lips" remark certainly hurt him.
So President Obama should take note that unlike Fast and Furious, Benghazi, the IRS and the NSA snooping, Obamacare is a far different deal. And Americans are directly affected, directly affected. That is they are paying more money for something whether it be taxes or healthcare and they pay attention.
Now, let's deal with the "l" word controversy. "Talking Points" does not believe President Bush the Elder lied when he said he would not raise taxes. He sincerely did not think that would happen. So he did not actively deceive the public. However, he did fold and violated his promise and paid the price for that decision.
Most Americans are smart enough to decide for themselves whether President Obama lied about Obamacare. My personal belief -- is that the President never read the law, did not understand the law and did not care very much about the details of the law. Therefore, he said what his speech writers wrote that we could keep our health insurance and doctors if we want. That turns out to be false and certainly the President is responsible for the deception.
Now, part of my analysis is speculative. Maybe Mr. Obama did read the entire 974-page law. But I don't think he did because that's not the way he rolls -- to use a current expression.
But in the end it really doesn't matter, does it? Americans were misled, Obamacare at this point is chaotic and most of us will have to pay more to protect ourselves and our families. That's not going away.
Finally, the President's ardent supporters continue to defend him and some of the rationalizations are actually amusing. On television the more the apologists rant the lower their ratings go. Nobody is buying this. "Talking" Points fully expects to hear that the malfunctioning computers are racists or something. That's how insane this whole thing has become.
Right now, there are a number of pieces of legislation in the Senate and in the House that would delay Obamacare. That's the best solution. President Obama should give the country a break. Fix what's broken and level with the folks. If Obamacare really is best for most Americans, most Americans will come to that understanding.
But right now it isn't and the whole thing has descended into a farce.
And that's "The Memo."

