
By Bill O'Reilly
As you may have noticed, I'm getting very frustrated with President Obama. It has nothing to do with ideology. It has to do with performance. It's obvious to anyone who pays attention that Mr. Obama is not trying to solve the fiscal mess. He does not want to cut spending and will not put forth any specific plans to do so.
He will also not give his vision on entitlement reform, things like Social Security and Medicare which are draining the treasury. I mean, the president is the leader of the country it's his job to get the debate started with concrete proposals. Mr. Obama simply will not do it to the great detriment of the nation. That's a fact. And here is another fact.
The press largely letting him get away with it. The key question is why? Why is Mr. Obama not trying to solve complex problems? Recent article in the "Washington Post" provides some insight about the lack of compromise on Mr. Obama's part. Quote, "The goal is to flip the Republican-held house back to the Democratic control allowing Obama to push forward with the progressive agenda on gun control, immigration, climate change and the economy during his final two years in office according to congressional Democrats, strategists and others familiar with Obama's thinking", unquote.
What we have is a re-elected president basically not trying to reach consensus on important issues. Rather, he is hoping that the messy stalemate will tee off voters who will then throw out Republicans and give him full control in 2014. That's very disturbing as Brit Hume said last night on The Factor.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: The President seems prepared to let the public suffer almost as much as possible as long as he can blame somebody else. This is not what we expect of presidents. Presidents in the end are supposed to be the people who put on their big boy pants and are prepared to shoulder responsibility.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: It's all about the progressive theme of greater good. Let the folks suffer now so we can save them later by changing America into a far left nation. It's almost like Mr. Obama is sabotaging the country so he can reshape it. There comes a point where every nation in history gets what it deserves. Rome, Japan, Germany, Russia, all were destroyed by venal leaders exploiting an apathetic population. I pray that doesn't happen to us. But we the people need to wise up fast.
And that's "The Memo."

