
By
Bill O'Reilly
The two people the liberal media fear most
are radio guy Rush Limbaugh and me, your humble correspondent. That's because
we both have powerful daily forums where we can explain what we believe is
harmful to the country.
Recently on the net a number of left-wing
media folks have tried to drum up a phony feud, citing divisions within the
so-called conservative community. Like they point to me and Limbaugh as the
primary example. The reportage is simply dishonest. The loons are taking my
commentary out of context as they always do.
I mean both Mr. Limbaugh and I literally
say millions of words on the year each year. It's simple to distort them.
Especially for readers who have no blanking clue, who never watch or listen to
us.
The liberal media overarch on me is that I
change my beliefs based upon public whim. A foolish lie easily disproved. In
fact, in fact, in a positive quirk of fate, I have a new book called "Keep
it Pithy" coming out in a couple of weeks. That book contains my major
commentaries over a 17- year period. And, believe me, believe me, I'm going to
use that book to hammer these liars all day long.
The feud deal ramped up after I criticized
Congresswoman Michele Bachmann for mocking President Obama's lavish White House
lifestyle. What Mrs. Bachmann failed to point out but I did was that President
Bush the younger spent more on living arrangements than President Obama has.
Now, there are also some inaccuracies in
Congresswoman's analysis of the situation. So I corrected the record. That is
called honest analysis and if the ideologues don't like it, tough.
Congresswoman Bachmann does have a decent point that Mr. Obama is asking for
shared sacrifice in hard economic times but doesn't seem to be sacrificing
himself. But she lost that point with bad information.
Then there is the gay marriage issue. The
zealots picked up on my statement that opponents, opponents of gay marriage
must do more than thump the bible if they want to win the civil debate. That's
absolutely true.
The reason the polls have turned around is
that proponents of gay marriage have succeed in making it a civil rights issue,
marriage equality; while opponents have not put out a compelling policy
argument against gay nuptials. Again, that is correct and honest analysis.
But my personal opinion on gay marriage
hasn't changed. I've always said that heterosexual marriage is a societal
stabilizer and the issue should be decided state by state. The will of the
people should not be disenfranchised by agenda-driven judges.
Also, I've always favored civil unions
because equal protection is sacrosanct.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: My aunts never married, ok? The
Kennedy girls up in Yonkers, New York -- they lived together their whole lives.
They were sisters. I would like to have them had a civil union where they could
define what they wanted to do with their assets and hospital visitation. And I
think that should be available.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: That was 10 years ago, you
pinheads out there who are writing about my gay marriage deal, 10 years ago.
Now, on immigration, the situation is the
same. My position has been consistent. Protect the border with the National
Guard, but have compassion on individuals who are good people.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: I have always said if I were a
poor Mexican, I would try to cross the border and earn money here and send it
back to my family.
GUEST: Absolutely.
O'REILLY: I don't... I don't blame the
illegal aliens. I blame the federal governments of both Mexico and the United
States of America.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Eight years ago. It is long past
time for Americans to scorn dishonest media, to reject fanatical charlatans
masquerading as honest sources of information. I don't mind being criticized
for my opinions. But gutter snipes who lie, distort, slander and libel those
with whom they disagree are the lowest rung, the lowest rung. And there are
legions of them.
And that's "The Memo."
"Talking Points Memo" weeknights at 8 and 11 p.m. ET on the Fox News
Channel and any time on foxnews.com/oreilly. Send your comments to: oreilly@foxnews.com.

