
By Bill O'Reilly
As we have been reporting, the American media is heavily invested in a race-driven story line concerning the acquittal of George Zimmerman. While almost everybody admits the murder trial was fair, the press is still pounding the drum that somehow Trayvon Martin did not receive justice because of his skin color.
When asked how that can be so, if the criminal proceedings were honest, the question goes unanswered. But there is no question, there is fury over the verdict in some African-American precincts and the far-left is trying hard to exploit that.
Here is an example. Shortly before the verdict I said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So, if the prosecution did present a weak case and that, again, is the consensus of the media following it, even the liberal media.
MARY KATHARINE HAM, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes.
O'REILLY: And he does get acquitted Mary Katharine, I mean are you expecting people to run out and cause trouble.
HAM: Look I think some people will react emotionally.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: But on CNN's Web site my exchange with Mary Katharine was reported this way: "Bill O'Reilly wondered the other day if after an acquittal, black people would 'run out and cause trouble.' After all, you know how those people are."
Of course, I never said "black people." The writer Paul Waldman fabricated that in order to make me look like a racist. Today CNN corrected the record writing quote, "[The] article incorrectly said 'Bill O'Reilly wondered the other day if, after an acquittal black people would run out and cause trouble.' He did mentioned race in his question."
While I appreciate CNN correcting the record I'm perplexed at why they would allow a radical leftist like Paul Waldman to write for them at all without identifying him as a radical leftist? Waldman was a senior fellow at Media Matters the far-left smear Web site. He's a dishonest zealot.
Does CNN really want to be associated with an extremist like him? And on the subject of extremists, there was this exchange on David Letterman last night.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BILL MAHER, COMEDIAN: You know that they want to give George Zimmerman a gun now, the Florida state law is that he can get his gun back. I say if he gets a gun, Casey Anthony gets a baby. That my -- what is with the booing tonight?
DAVID LETTERMAN, TALK SHOW HOST: You're an owner, one of the Mets owners.
MAHER: Yes, I am.
LETTERMAN: Whoa Mister... Mr. Big Shot, nice going.
MAHER: Mr. Mets, yes.
LETTERMAN: Yes.
MAHER: Well, a minority owner, of course.
LETTERMAN: Well still in all I mean you get free tickets, right?
MAHER: Better than being a minority in Florida. Why are they booing?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: They are booing because the folks know cheap shots when they hear them.
"Talking Points" believes the tide may be turning in the sad case of Trayvon Martin. I hope so anyway.
And that's "The Memo."

