

O'REILLY: "Personal Story Segment" tonight. You may remember some of the controversial things Meghan McCain has said in the past. She's a Republican but a progressive one. And that has gained her some notoriety.
Beginning this coming Saturday Miss McCain has a brand new cable program called "Raising McCain" on Pivot TV. And here she is.
What is Pivot TV? That is (inaudible) with Al Jazeera, it doesn't?
MEGHAN MCCAIN, AUTHOR AND COLUMNIST: No, it's not Al Jazeera.
O'REILLY: OK. What's Pivot TV?
MCCAIN: Pivot is a brand new network that launched a specifically targeted at the millennial generation which means 18 to 34-year-olds.
O'REILLY: So the millennial generation is 18 to 34-year-olds and you try to lure them into watching "Raising McCain."
MCCAIN: Yes, I am.
O'REILLY: Now, one of the topics I saw your -- you've been talking about, what interest me is this cyber bullying deal. Which is real, it's causing kids to commit suicides, wreaking havoc in public and private schools across the country. What is your take on that?
MCCAIN: I agree. It is an absolute epidemic. Everyday 160,000 kids skip school because they are bullied. People that are bullied and bullies are more likely to have psychological problems as adults and it's an absolute epidemic and the internet is just making it worse.
O'REILLY: Were you ever bullied as a kid because you have a famous dad and stuff like that?
MCCAIN: Not to the severity that people that commit suicide do, but I am grateful that the internet was not around when I was growing up.
O'REILLY: Well you were attacked on the internet now just because you are an adult who has a famous dad. But what I'm trying to get is, are children meaner now than they when you were growing up? You know, I am older obviously, when I was growing up kids were pretty mean back then. I mean, there were fights in my neighborhood mostly over bullying. But I see this kind of sadistic streak because they can hide behind the internet.
MCCAIN: Exactly.
O'REILLY: You don't have to go out to the schoolyard and risk a shot to the head. You do it on your own basement or whatever. And I think it's a huge problem.
MCCAIN: Yes, the anonymity of the internet is just making it so much worse.
O'REILLY: Are they meaner though? Are these kids meaner today?
MCCAIN: I don't know if kids are meaner, but they have a different kind of platform. You know, they can attack on-line and they can post pictures. I mean, those are a bunch of things going on with fetching women on the internet and it's just, it's very scary and the idea that you can, you know, you're so young, there are so many different tools. With cameras you can take on your phone, you take a picture when you're 18, it'd going to come back to haunt you possible when you are 30.
O'REILLY: No, absolutely. Everything, you're going to -- parents and grandparents are going to watch that like crazy. Now, I want to play the promotion for Ms. McCain's program. Go.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MCCAIN: You consider yourself a feminist?
UNIDENTIFIED MAN: No.
MCCAIN: What?
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN: My instinct is to make out with every hot guy I see. But I don't do it.
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN: I don't believe she is naturally blonde.
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN: I am not.
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN: You can't be on TV talking about politics and talk about sex at the same time.
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN: The tables have turned, America.
MCCAIN: I am Meghan McCain. Yes, that is my dad.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Your father, is he happy to be in that promo?
MCCAIN: He is.
O'REILLY: Is he? I know he wants you to do well. I know him. But is he happy to be in there?
MCCAIN: He is, you know, he is not always happy with every decision I made and ever move I've made but thank God he is happy with this one.
O'REILLY: OK. When you are going to get into this millennial business, all right? A lot of this is narcissistic. Do you understand that the cause of all this internet business and all of this concentration on me, all right? That narcissism has gone through the roof.
MCCAIN: I don't know if it's narcissism. Because I think that it's the way that we share information, and I think it can be perceived as narcissism. But I don't think that is accurate.
O'REILLY: And here is why I disagree with you. You can create your own little world in cyberspace and people do, Facebook, tweeting, all of this stuff. But it all comes back to you. Not anybody else. It is you. And I think that people are now becoming so selfish and so self-absorbed that this generation is totally different from like the World War II generation. The generation of your father.
MCCAIN: Well, the president of my network calls this generation the next greatest generation and I think we have been handed a really poor hand obviously. Wars, the economy, everything that's bad that's going on in our culture right now, but I think sharing on the internet is a way for us to communicate with each other.
O'REILLY: It is certainly that. But I am not sure that any millennials could survive what your father survived, five years in a North Vietnamese prison being beaten and tortured, you know? Because it was a different time then. People had just -- they were tougher than they are now.
MCCAIN: And you think the internet is making us weaker?
O'REILLY: Yes.
MCCAIN: You do?
O'REILLY: I do.
MCCAIN: I disagree. I mean, I think it is --
O'REILLY: And it's making us spiritually weaker, mentally weaker and physically weaker unless you are lifting weights while you are tweeting.
MCCAIN: Do you have a presence on-line at all?
O'REILLY: I am computer illiterate. I write my books on-line and I have to do the internet thing for work. But, you know, I want to get off of it as much as I can. I do. I want to think and I want to see trees. I don't want to sit in my basement. Good luck with the program.
MCCAIN: Thank you.
O'REILLY: I think you are a good spokesman. But I want you to think about your generation.
MCCAIN: OK.
O'REILLY: Try to get them back on track a little.
MCCAIN: OK. And thank you so much for having me on. I am such a big fan.
O'REILLY: Anytime. Anytime.
MCCAIN: Thank you.


