



BILL O'REILLY, FOX NEWS HOST: In your book, you say you still hold a grudge. So let's roll the tape on it.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The barrel of the bat comes back at Roger Clemens and he fires. The bat back towards Piazza.
That's a blatant act. Foolish, foolish.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Man. That is - I'll tell you, that is a blatant act right there.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
MIKE PIAZZA, FORMER MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL PLAYER: Well, honestly, you know, the whole Clemens thing is funny because I get asked about it a lot.
O'REILLY: Still mad at him?
PIAZZA: No, actually I moved on.
O'REILLY: But he's a tough guy and you're a tough guy. And you're competing.
PIAZZA: Absolutely,. Yeah.
O'REILLY: All right? So, you're wired anyway.
PIAZZA: Yeah.
O'REILLY: Did he do anything out of the ordinary that you said hey, wait a minute, this isn't competition here?
PIAZZA: Well, I think - if you - when I take it back in the historical perspective, the build-up in that game was so intense, I mean, because of the fact that he beaned me earlier in the season. And it just - - I mean, I just - seemed like it was just a let out of steam and then again, it was the most bizarre incident because I joke in the book that I was actually saying, what if he hits me again? Am I going to go get him? And I made a joke about actually training and trying to see ...
O'REILLY: But you would have gone after him!
PIAZZA: Absolutely. And then, it was funny, what I got after the game, my buddy goes, I didn't know that was going to happen. I mean, it was really a bizarre moment. And it's kind of -- actually I moved on in a way. But I also want to let people know that whether or not - I mean again, it was a very interesting event in my career and I tried to address it at the time that I was there and I definitely moved on. I mean I don't hold the grudge about it. No, I really don't.
O'REILLY: If you were here, you guys would shake hands?
PIAZZA: Yeah, I've seen him at a golf tournament. You know, time does that. And, you know, as you said, though, in the moment it was pretty intense. But there was also a lot of confusion.
O'REILLY: People don't understand that a guy like Roger Clemens throwing at your head can kill you.
PIAZZA: Well, absolutely. And I mentioned that. I mean that's something that I was very fearful of. I mean and you look at the footage, it was at the last second, I was able to get my, you know, eye out of the way. And so, you know, again, I guess I should also be somewhat blessed.
O'REILLY: All right. You and the Mets, after 9-11, you guys were magnificent because it happened on September 11, right in the middle of the baseball season. And the Mets really, really did extraordinary things to help the families and things like that. When you think back upon that time, can you put it into words for us?
PIAZZA: It's tough for me to think back because I get very emotional. And, you know, it was a fundamental shift in my life, really. And it allowed me to really focus on building a family and really what life is all about.
O'REILLY: So, you got more serious after that?
PIAZZA: Absolutely. I mean, how could you not? I mean you were here. You saw the devastation and I mean, I think back at just the devastation and the despair and the sadness and just how much prayer, how much faith really got me through that week. I think back now and I still - it's almost like I want to repress it, but I need to also honor it.
O'REILLY: Right.
PIAZZA: You know, and ...
O'REILLY: But you guys rallied. The whole team rallied.
PIAZZA: We did. And it was heartfelt, you know. There wasn't any instructions, there wasn't any blueprint. It was just what can we do? And I was very proud of my organization the team.
O'REILLY: Yes.
PIAZZA: We just rolled up our sleeves and you'd be surprised how many people were just so happy to see us. And just talk.
O'REILLY: Oh, sure. Absolutely.
PIAZZA: And it was - when we started getting that feedback, you know, from the people, we felt like this is where we belong and we followed it through. I mean we donated day's pay, donated a lot of money and a lot of time and just we were glad to, you know, to chip in any way we could.
O'REILLY: Right. And that's why sports in America, if you can channel it into that helping people area. Finally, Mike, this is the hardest question now. Should I stay a Mets fan? I've been a Mets fan ....
(LAUGHTER)
O'REILLY: ... since 1962.
PIAZZA: No you and I will probably get ...
O'REILLY: And outside of you guys, when Piazza was playing, now I got a team - I don't - I think I'm star in the center of field. The irony ...
You throw the first pitcher, Alan?
PIAZZA: You had a good form.
O'REILLY: They want to sign me.
PIAZZA: Yeah, good movement on their right.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY : That bullpen was so bad, they're going, hey, O'Reilly! But, you know, but - do I have to stay a Met fan?
PIAZZA: You do, you do. You know, because I realized this and I just saw a bunch of great people today, being a Mets fan is about faith. And ...
O'REILLY : That's right.
PIAZZA: A loft despair.
O'REILLY: Absolutely.
PIAZZA: Remember that 28 world championships like the other guys? So we just ride it out and keep going.
WILLIAMS: All right. Mike Piazza, great book "Long Shot." Thanks for coming in.
PIAZZA: My pleasure.


