
By Bill O'Reilly
Yesterday, police in Cleveland received a 911 call.
(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)
BERRY: Help me. I'm Amanda Berry.
DISPATCHER: You need police, fire or ambulance.
BERRY: I need police, I need them now before he gets back.
DISPATCHER: All right. We're sending them. Ok?
BERRY: Ok. I mean like --
DISPATCHER: Who's the guy you're trying -- who's the guy who went out?
BERRY: His name is Ariel Castro.
DISPATCHER: All right. How old is he?
BERRY: He was like 52.
DISPATCHER: All right and --
BERRY: I'm Amanda Berry. I've been on the news for the last 10 years.
(END AUDIO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now that call led police to a small home where they discovered the caller, 27-year-old Amanda Berry as well as two other women, 23-year-old Gina DeJesus and 32-year-old Michelle Knight. They were all kidnapped about 10 years ago allegedly by three brothers. Ms. Berry has a six-year-old child who was also removed from the house.
The man mentioned in the 911 call Ariel Castro owned the home and is a former school bus driver. Castro was arrested for domestic violence in 1993 but not indicted. Castro's two brothers Pedro and Onil are also involved in the abduction according to police.
The story is amazing because the kidnapped girls were held captive in the middle of a dense neighborhood.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CHARLES RAMSEY, DISCOVERED MISSING WOMAN, AMANDA BERRY: I have been here a year. You see where I'm coming right. I barbecued with this dude. We eat ribs and whatnot and listen to salsa music. You see where I'm coming from?
REPORTER: And you had no indication that there's anything going on.
RAMSEY: Hey, bro, not a clue that that girl was in that house or anybody else was in there against their will. Because how he is -- he just comes out to his backyard, plays with the dogs, tinkers with his cars and motorcycles and goes back in the house. So he's somebody that you look and you look away because he is not doing nothing.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now the wider implications these kinds of kidnappings are rare and the FBI says that in 2012, just 411 Americans were abducted by a stranger. But the impact of children and young people disappearing is enormous on the public psyche. The Elizabeth Smart case in Utah comes to mind.
Chances are when you were a child your parents let you go out to play unsupervised. Mine did. I was out of the house for hours, especially in the summer.
But today American children are constantly under supervision with play dates and organized activities almost all the time. Rarely are children away from their homes on their own. Even most teenagers are not afforded that freedom.
American parents are simply frightened. They believe children are at risk in public. That, of course, is a shame because playing on your own develops creativity, independence and social problem solving skills.
The big mystery in Ohio is this. How could three women be held against their will in a suburb for all that time? Early indications are they were brutalized and complete explanations of what happened will soon be forthcoming. Obviously the crime is heinous and will reinforce the perception that although America is a free country, we are also a dangerous nation. The reality is that kidnapping is ultra-rare but there are some very bad people walking the streets of the USA. The crime in Ohio is just another cautionary tale.
And that's "The Memo."

