
By Bill O'Reilly
If the Tea Party has interrupted anyone's speech lately, shouting down a liberal person, for example, I have not heard about it. If college students are being indoctrinated and intimidated by conservative professors, I have not heard about it. But on the other side, the far left is becoming increasingly bold and fresh in trying to silence those with whom they disagree.
Last night we told you how a school district in Michigan tried to stop Rick Santorum from speaking. We intervened and the former senator will now be able to give his address, but only to students who get a signed permission slip from their parents. Meantime, millions, millions of high school students in America can have abortions set up by the public schools without their parents even being told. Think about that.
One of the consequences of having a liberal president twice elected is that the fringe left feels emboldened and thinks it can do whatever it wants. At the University of Southern California, for example, Darry Spagow, who teaches Political Science, has turned his classroom into an anti-Republican stronghold
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DARRY SPAGOW, USC POLITICAL SCIENCE PROFESSOR: The Republican Party of California, as a I saw all the time, on the record, in print and on radio and on TV, is the last vestige of angry old white men and that's what this is. Republicans are trying to prevent people of color and people of lower income from voting by requiring voter ID.
We discovered, and this is generally true, the least flexible voter in America, the person who's less likely to change their mind about anything, is an old white guy. Old white guys are stubborn sons of bitches. They just are.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Education at its best, wouldn't you say? The tuition at USC more than $45,000 a year.
A couple of days ago at the University of Massachusetts, Karl Rove was insulted.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
(SHOUTING)
UNDENTIFIED FEMALE: He is responsible for countless murdered civilians.
KARL ROVE, FOX CONTRIBUTOR: Why don't we want until the Q&A session, and then we will talk about terrorism, OK, buddy?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Murderer!
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Yesterday, at Howard University, Senator Rand Paul was insulted.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
RAND PAUL (R), KENTUCKY SENATOR: Republicans still prize the sense of justice that MLK spoke of when he said that an unjust law is any law that a majority enforces on a minority but does not make binding upon itself.
(APPLAUSE)
PAUL: You know, I wasn't sure if my speech would be entertaining, but now you have had some entertainment.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: The trend is undeniable, the far left intruding on the national discourse, perverting the educational system, and generally behaving as badly as any movement has since the late 1960s. Fair-minded Americans will eventually reject this explosion of zealotry as they always have. But in the meantime, students and others are getting hurt, a disturbing trend that must be confronted.
And that's "The Memo."

