

O'REILLY: "Personal Story" segment tonight, not much protest from liberal Hollywood over President Obama wanting to bomb Syria.
Far left singer, Bruce Springsteen, who tweets all the time has nothing to say about Syria. Far left actress, Susan Sarandon, tweets about violence against children but nothing recently about Syria.
George Clooney recently asked about the Syrian situation and he dodged the situation. Sean Penn, nothing. Tim Robbins, nothing. Janeane Garofalo, nothing.
Joining us now from Los Angeles, actor Ed Asner who is against striking Syria. So, why aren't your fellow leftists out there in Hollywood saying anything, Mr. Asner.
ED ASNER, ACTOR: Well, maybe they feel that the majority is out there. They don't need a minority voice to be heard on this issue.
I didn't think it because it's a majority issue but it certainly looks like you, me, and a lot of other people are opposed to involvement. Because we're sick of war, that's why.
O'REILLY: Well, all right. But, I mean, I'm not opposed as long as the involvement makes sense. So, I want to see what exactly it would be.
But you said -- and correct me if I'm wrong here because I'm taking it from "The Hollywood Reporter," so they might have misquoted you or whatever, you said there might be an element of fear with the Hollywood left, that they don't want to criticize the president because he's a black man and they don't want to get in -- you know, he's their guy and they're treading softly. Is that true.
ASNER: Well, I think that I don't have the gauge to measure it. I certainly think it does appear in many liberals' minds about how far to condemn a particular action by this president.
They want to tread softly because they know that there's a sea of Republicans out there who will do it for them, except on this particular issue is being joined by a sea of Republicans.
O'REILLY: Yes. Well, he -- and also, there are some Democrats. But I want to pursue this point because I think it's an interesting point.
Hollywood did a lot to reelect and to elect Barack Obama in the first place. He's their guy in Progressive president.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
They admire what he stands for, they admire his philosophy, they admire things like ObamaCare, all of that. So, now, he gets himself in a difficult position where he goes against their orthodoxy. So, you're saying that the greater good --
(END VIDEO CLIP)
-- for the Hollywood left is just to say nothing because they don't want to damage their guy.
ASNER: I think that's certainly -- that does measure into it. To what extent, I can't tell you.
O'REILLY: OK, all right. Now, you yourself --
ASNER: But he -- first of all, I would -- you know, I'll be the first to proclaim that he's not my Progressive.
O'REILLY: But you voted for him.
ASNER: Well, I didn't want to vote for the other guy.
O'REILLY: Are you disappointed in President Obama.
ASNER: Yes.
O'REILLY: On a scale of one to 10, 10 being the most disappointed, where are you.
ASNER: Seven.
O'REILLY: OK. You yourself, very consistent throughout your whole life, and I respect that, a big union man, you told me once on this broadcast that you are a socialist at heart.
You -- can you see yourself supporting any military action against Iran, for example, when if they continue their nuclear program -- I mean, when you have dead kids being gassed, that's pretty extreme.
It's pretty extreme. And if we don't get involved, as you know, no one will get involved. So, I mean, how does that relate. You don't want dead kids in the street. You don't want weapons of mass destruction killing civilians. I know you don't. But how do you stop it.
ASNER: Well, I don't want more dead kids being buried at Arlington, for one thing. Second thing is, I'd like to know what the grand total of dead Iraqis are from the time that George W. Bush invaded.
We read every day about the Sunni-Shiite squabbles, 10 dead here, 20 dead here, 10, 20, 20, 10. And it becomes frightening.
And when that grand total is ever made up, I would be shocked and horrified to see what their final total is.
O'REILLY: All right. But it's not going to haul away what Saddam Hussein killed. So, -- I mean you're dealing with a lot of bad people on a lot of fronts here.
Seems to me, the United States try tried to do the noble thing and give the Iraqis a chance at democracy and freedom. If they don't take it, they don't take it.
I agree with you, I don't want to see any more dead people in Arlington Cemetery on causes that they're impossible. But when you have people like Assad gassing civilians, and there's nobody going to stop that, I get worried for the world. I'll give you the last word.
ASNER: Well I don't want the last word. But I just want to say, we have this one incident. There's a great deal of challenge and curiosity and doubt as to who caused this poisoning.
They still have to get the final rendition of what the chemical make- up is. I've heard that there is -- that the sarin creates a certain kind of yellow foam and this had white or white versus yellow. It's all a mishmash.
O'REILLY: All right.
ASNER: I like the idea of thinking of the Russian idea of putting the weapons in the U.N. hands.
O'REILLY: If that's a reality -- if that's a reality, I'm with you there. But I would check out Doctors Without Borders.
I give money to them. It's a very credible, peaceful group. And I would check out --
ASNER: I do, too.
O'REILLY: I would check out what they say about Assad and the gas. Mr. Asner, it's very interesting. We appreciate you coming on tonight.
ASNER: I'd --
O'REILLY: I've got to run. I've got to run.
ASNER: He's not --
O'REILLY: I've got to run because I've got --
ASNER: All right, he's not my Galahad.
O'REILLY: All right, he's saying President Obama. That's why I've got to run because his speech is coming up.



