By Bill O'Reilly
With President Obama's job approval numbers falling, and the Democratic Party having trouble in an election year. You would think that committed liberal Americans would low key it a bit. You would think.
But no, they are upping the rhetoric especially the anti-capitalism stuff. Hillary Clinton is widely seen to be the Democratic nominee in 2016 for president but she portrays herself as a moderate. That's not good enough for some on the far left.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BALL: Does Hillary Clinton sound to you like the right person for this moment? In a time when corporations have hijacked our politics enabling them to reap all the profit without feeling any compunction to do right by their workers?
As someone who has sat on the rabidly anti-union board of Wal-Mart for six years, the right person to restore worker's rights. At a time when we're still reeling from a global financial disaster brought on by foolhardy bank deregulation, as someone who recently took $400,000 to give two speeches at Goldman Sachs, the person we need to wrest control of the asylum (ph) back from the banking inmates.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now that anti-capitalistic commentary is the far left's signature issue. "Talking Points" believes there must be oversight on banks and big business to trust them to do the right thing is foolish and naive. If you don't believe me, read a little Teddy Roosevelt.
But many on the left want to dismantle the entire corporate system and we are seeing the consequences of that in the Obama administration. Now entering his sixth year in office the President has not been a friend to corporate America. He advocates high taxes to pay for an entitlement culture.
Business knows that and has not expanded, preferring to hoard profits or keep them overseas where they cannot be taxed. That's why the job situation and income for working Americans is stagnant. For every good job available, there are plenty of applicants therefore salaries are suppressed.
It's hard to believe but the far left does believe that the government can provide well-paying jobs on a mass scale. It cannot. And every country that has tried that has failed. 90 miles off the coast of Florida take a look what happen in Cuba; that should be an affluent country but communism has killed the economy.
So Hillary Clinton must fight zealotry on her left. She will defeat it she will get the nomination and Mrs. Clinton will run as a moderate Democrat promising to reform some of President Obama's anti-business policies. That's what she'll do.
And that's "The Memo."

