By Bill O'Reilly
I use the word "collapse" because one of the most powerful nations on earth cannot or will not stop people from illegally entering the USA. Our system of border protection has collapsed. I mean a few hundred illegal crossings are understandable but 100,000 children this fiscal year alone? That's a catastrophe.
A new poll conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute asked more than 1,000 American adults about the kids coming illegally to the USA.
Question number 1: What should the U.S. do about the children who are current currently arriving from Central America without their parents? 70 percent offer shelter and support while beginning a process to determine whether they should be deported or allowed to stay; 26 percent deport them immediately; 4 percent don't know.
Second question: the U.S. should not allow children coming from Central America to stay because it will encourage others to ignore our laws and increase illegal immigration. 59 percent either completely or mostly agree with that statement; 39 percent either completely or mostly disagree with it.
Final question: Which statement comes closest to your view about how the immigration system should deal with illegal aliens? 58 percent allow them a way to become citizens provided they meet certain requirements; 22 percent identify and deport them; 17 percent allow them to become permanent legal residents but not citizens.
Now, the poll shows a number of things. First: that Americans are compassionate people. We want poor children to be treated humanely and fairly even if it costs taxpayer money. Two: most of us understand that not controlling our southern border is a magnet for illegal aliens.
The hidden headline of illegal immigration is that not one president, not one has even tried to seal the southern border. That's resulted in a massive amount of illegal drugs coming in here as well as undocumented aliens.
The reason the Presidents have not secured the border is purely political. The Hispanic American lobby is powerful in the USA and so is big business which for years has used illegal aliens as cheap labor.
After 9/11, you would think the federal government would make it a top priority to stop people from coming here illegally because we just don't know who they are. And certainly terrorists have illegally entered the U.S.A. as well as vicious criminals.
Later on in this broadcast, we will talk with a mother whose police officer's son was killed by an illegal alien with a criminal record and he wasn't deported. So the absolute dereliction of duty on the part of all presidents and Congress is appalling. And we, the people, are suffering along with the defenseless children.
"Talking Points" will remind everyone that most illegal immigrants are good people. Most of them help the nation because they work hard. But 50 percent of all families headed by an immigrant receive some kind of welfare. And non-English speaking children put a tremendous strain on the public school system.
Also foreign gangs run criminal enterprises all over the U.S.A. So, illegal immigration certainly should be controlled. I put the solution to the problem on Billoreilly.com. And my plan would work. Bottom line, we need to stop illegal immigration into the U.S.A. cold.
And that's "The Memo."

