By Bill O'Reilly
Rather than having me bloviate about the State of the Union address tonight, let's take a look at the most recent poll about the USA. That poll was conducted over the weekend by NBC News and the "Wall Street Journal."
First question: Barack Obama's job approval: 43 percent approve, 51 percent disapprove, six percent not sure.
Next, do you approve of Congress? 13 percent approve, a whopping 81 percent of Americans disapprove of Congress, the same six percent are not sure.
Do you think the nation is generally heading in the right direction? 28 percent yes, 63 percent no.
The poll goes on but the most telling answer from the folks is just three percent of Americans believe the USA is a strong nation as it stands today; three percent. And so there is no question that President Obama's first five years in office have been troubled.
Tonight, he will try to regroup. But "Talking Points" believes few Americans will be paying close attention to him. In fact, I predict that this broadcast, you're watching right now, will be higher rated on the Fox News Channel than the President's actual address. We'll see.
The only other modern president who had lower poll numbers after five years in office was Bush the younger and that was because of the Iraq war and Hurricane Katrina.
Thus the Obama administration has a lot of work to do. Because right now, according to the poll, Americans are not believing or hoping in the President.
But this country is a very resilient place and things can change fast. The USA remains the hope of the world. No other nation can fight worldwide terrorism as effectively as we can. No other nation will spend blood and treasure trying to give people liberty like we are doing in Afghanistan right now. And generally speaking, no other nation has sacrificed so much fighting evil on this planet. So, if America becomes weak, the whole world is in trouble.
Next Sunday I'll do a live interview with President Obama and I hope he'll be candid because I have very important questions for him. I also hope the President will analyze the poll numbers we just gave you and perhaps, try a new strategy.
One final comment: when asked what the most important priority for the Obama administration should be, the American people said loud and clear, creating jobs; 91 percent said that. Next was reducing the federal budget deficit, 74 percent. So, with all due respect, I think the President should concentrate on those two areas in his last three years in office. This country needs a vibrant economy in order for people to pursue happiness and reach their potential. That should be the President's main concern tonight and for the next three years. And that's "The Memo."

