

In "Back of the Book" segment tonight, supporting Hamas. On Saturday, an anti-Israel protest took place in front of the White House, with Hamas supporters going after a former U.S. Marine.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
(BLEEP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
(SCREAMING)
(BLEEP)
(CROWD SCREAMING)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hold up!
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (Speaking in different language).
(BLEEP)
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Joining us now from Washington, Charles Krauthammer. You know, some people know this, but not all, you're a psychiatrist but as well as a political guy.
Here's what I don't understand and I need you to explain it to me. Hamas is a terror group. Everybody knows it, all right.
If you care to be a fair-minded person, you know Hamas is a terror group. Hamas dominates the Palestinian authority through muscle, all right.
They have the guns. Iran gives them the guns so, therefore, they have the power in Gaza, West Bank, whatever. Hamas calling the shots.
So, you have a bevy of Americans who are sympathetic to the Palestinians but, by the same token, are supporting Hamas. And then you have tons of them in Europe. What's the mentality behind that.
CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I would draw a sharp distinction between the European sympathizers and demonstrators from the American ones.
When it comes to Europe, I think the overwhelming factor is raw, native, deep-seated anti-Zionism. This is --
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
-- 2,000-year-old anti-Zionism. Now, for a while, they discovered that if you put the veneer of anti-Zionism, the cover of anti-Zionism, you can get away with it in respectable society.
The veneer and the cover are gone. You've got placards being carried in Germany, of all places. Hitler was right. Chance of Jews to the gas.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
This is raw antisemitism, finding a semi-respectable outlet. And you get the foreign ministers of Britain, of France, Germany and Italy issuing a joint statement denouncing antisemitism in their country.
In the United States, it is very different. Antisemitism is not a major factor here. You know, of all the countries that the Jews have lived in in 2,000 years, this is the most tolerant, friendly, loving country that the Jews have ever known.
What I think is the most important factor here is sheer, raw ignorance. They have no idea what Hamas is, all that you said, they have no idea, for example, that there is no occupation in Gaza.
The Israelis left in 2005. They tore out their settlements. There's not a settler, there's not a soldier, there is not a Jew left in Gaza.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Do any of these people know it, no. Are they aware that just a few days ago, the spokesman for Hamas in Lebanon said on Arabic television that the Jews lust for the killing of children. After all, they have always used the blood of children in their mazahs on passover.
And when he was asked about that again, I think it was yesterday, on a major American network, he refused to retract. This is the oldest blood libel of all.
Are they aware of the fact that Hamas' charter calls not just for the destruction of Israel but for the killing Jews everywhere in the world. This is an openly genocidal organization.
O'REILLY: But I don't -- you're giving them the past. I think most of these people are aware of that. And if they wanted to be, they could be easily -- because we have computers and they could just Google Hamas and it will all come up. Now, what fuels it though --
KRAUTHAMMER: These are not people interested in information and truth.
O'REILLY: That's right. They don't care about the truth because, in your, and I think you're right, they hate Jews.
Now, when the Israelis hit the U.N. Hospital and do inevitably kill the children and women in an urban warfare situation, there's outcry by President Obama and Americans. Is that fair.
KRAUTHAMMER: Well, I think one of the reasons that you get this outcry is because Americans are completely unaware of how the news is managed in Gaza.
An Israeli filmmaker interviewed a Spanish photographer in Gaza. And he said to him, "Have you ever seen a missile battery operating."
And he said, "Oh, yes. They operated right outside the hotel." And he asked him pointblank, "Did you show." And he said, "Of course not. If I did, they would kill me."
O'REILLY: Right.
KRAUTHAMMER: Now, when you look at pictures of Gaza, think about this -- have you ever seen a picture of Hamas operative, even seen a Hamas gunman, ever seen a missile battery, even seen a dead Hamas fighter. Never.
There are hundreds of them. Even the Palestinians admit that. If you take their own numbers, bogus. But even if you take their own numbers, there should be 3 or 400 dead Palestinian terrorists.
Have you of seen one on camera, never. They are only allowed to show --
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
-- women and children.
O'REILLY: All right, Charles Krauthammer, thank you as always.


