By Bill O'Reilly
Once again, Fort Hood, Texas the scene of horrible violence. Yesterday 34-year-old Army Specialist Ivan Lopez apparently went berserk shooting three people dead wounding 16 others. Lopez then committed suicide.
As you may remember, in November 2009 Major Nidal Hasan murdered 13 people at Fort Hood in a terror attack. Hasan has been sentenced to death.
Secretary of the Army John McHugh said this about Lopez.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOHN MCHUGH, SECRETARY OF THE ARMY: He did have two deployments including one four-month, approximately four month deployment to Iraq as a truck driver. His records show no wounds, no involvement, direct involvement in combat.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Lopez was having emotional and mental problems. He was being treated. He leaves behind a wife and at least three young children. Now, some irresponsible pundits will blame this on guns; others on untreated mental illness; still others on a bad culture in America.
But what this is really all about is freedom. There are more than 325 million of us living in the U.S. right now. We have freedom of movement. We have freedom to protect ourselves with firearms and we have the freedom to act crazy without much accountability. Very difficult to get any mentally unstable person off the street because of freedom. Places like China, they can control violence to some extent because the Chinese live under government supervision. Government tells the folk what to do and when to do it. If you are a loon in China, believe me, you will be removed from society and the ACLU will not be able to help you.
But here in an open society, we tolerate all kinds of bizarre behavior. And a portion of any population is going to do violent things, there is nothing on earth we can do to stop those people. Nothing, that is, except give up our freedom. The mass killings at Fort Hood are unacceptable. And if I had a solution to them, I would give it to you.
But after covering the news for almost 40 years, I can tell you that random violence will always be with us, always. Evil human beings, armed with freedom make that terrible scenario inevitable.
And that's "The Memo."

