

O'REILLY: "Personal Story Segment" tonight, Dr. Ben Carson becoming a very controversial guy. A few months ago on THE FACTOR he told us how the IRS was auditing him unfairly in his opinion. Now the doctor is making the issue of government control a crusade.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CARSON: There comes a time when people with values simply have to stand up. Think about Nazi, Germany. Most of those people did not believe in what Hitler was doing.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Exactly.
CARSON: But did they speak up?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No.
CARSON: Did they stand up for what they believed? They did not.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Very few.
CARSON: And you saw what happened. And if you believe that the same thing can't happen again, you are very wrong.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: And joining us now from Virginia Beach is Dr. Carson. So if you mention Nazis you know you are going to get hammered. But what you said right at the end there intrigued me a bit. You said if you believe it can't happen again -- see I don't believe that Nazism could happen in the USA. I don't think it could happen nor could communism happen here. Do you disagree with me?
CARSON: Well, I believe that what can happen is if people do not speak up for what they believe, they can be trampled. Their rights can be trampled to various and sundry degrees. Now, of course, the objective of many on the left is to take a single word that you're not supposed to say. You can't say Nazis you can't say slavery, that's political correctness as you well know. I do not believe in that. I think it's a bunch of crap and it doesn't really belong in the American system where we have freedom of speech and freedom of expression.
O'REILLY: All right you are not -- you don't regret using the buzz word Nazi. And what you pointed to historically is correct. What you said is absolutely correct I mean the German people the massive Germans were not members of the Nazi Party.
CARSON: Correct.
O'REILLY: And they just sat on their butts and they allowed the fanatics to take over that could not happen here because of our system in checks and balances. But I think what you are worried about is the Obama administration's policies in general taking root. Is that what you are worried about?
CARSON: Well there are a couple of things that I'm worried about. I'm worried about the fact that the populace is being silent and is not expressing what they believe because they are afraid. They have been intimidated.
O'REILLY: By whom?
CARSON: By -- by the government.
O'REILLY: How?
CARSON: -- by the government and by the media, by the P.C. police. You say something, all of a sudden like -- this is a perfect example. You know, you are using an example of how people would not speak up. They try to turn the argument away from that because they know it's true. They know what I'm saying is true. But rather than talk about that, they want to divert the issue to something else.
You couple that with the fact that our Congress needs to be a little more courageous because the reason we have a divided government is if one branch of the government gets a little bit over exuberant they need to rein them in. We need courage there in order to do that.
O'REILLY: All right but politicians and courage, I mean we are not seeing -- you know -- that's you know, but look, you -- the last time -- well, maybe not the last time in the fall you said, look, that you were bothered by the IRS to an extent that you felt they were trying to intimidate you is that correct?
CARSON: Yes. I don't think it is coincidental.
O'REILLY: All right that's -- that's the government agency that you can point to in your life Dr. Carson's life that you believe was put upon you to shut you up.
CARSON: And it's not just me. We now a fact that we now have a government that is trying to take over the healthcare of the populace and in charge of the agency or overseeing it is the IRS. Now why would you put the IRS which is under investigation already for inappropriate behavior over something so massive and that affect so many of us?
O'REILLY: Well they are the enforcement agency of fines. They -- because it was ruled a tax by the Supreme Court foolishly and so somebody has to enforce the taxation element and that's the IRS.
So on paper, it makes sense. But you heard the President of the United States tell me your humble correspondent there is not a smidgen of corruption in the IRS. You heard that.
CARSON: Right. We heard that and that, to me, is -- it strains credulity and to believer that -- that he actually believes that but that we let it -- people get away with it this is what bothers me. The fact that the Congress doesn't stand up and say no, you may not implement this program because the -- a major portion of it is still under investigation. And we are not done with that. We don't do that in regular life. We don't take somebody who is under suspicion and put them in charge of something major like that.
We have to just start doing things that are logical and that make sense again.
O'REILLY: All right, Doctor, we appreciate it as always. Thank you.


