Fox News is reporting that within the next few days, Mr. Obama will grant legal status to more than four million undocumented aliens currently in the U.S.A. The President, not giving the new Congress, not giving the new Congress time to put together an immigration bill. That's insulting to the new Congress, which begins in January. Already the Republican Party is unified in opposition to the President's unilateral action.
And so there will be consequences. For example, in early December, Congress is supposed to pass the spending bill which might very well be blocked in the house paralyzing the government and there are a number of other things the Republican Party may do to punish the President for his executive order.
All of this terrible for the country and Mr. Obama has to know that. But he doesn't seem to care. Surely he could have waited a few months and lobbied for what he believes is a just immigration compromise, but no, the President, seething over the election results has decided to tear the country apart, politically.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ANDREW NAPOLITANO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Under the Constitution, only the Congress can rewrite the law. So you will have the President rewriting the law. And you have the President failing to comply with his oath.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sure.
NAPOLITANO: What does that equal? That equals serious violations of the Constitution. That equals offenses that rise to the level of impeachability.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now there are some who believe the President wants Republicans to come after him so Hispanic Americans and liberals will rise to his defense. "Talking Points" wants to clearly state we are not talking about the merits of the President's plan. That is a separate story.
We are talking about a blatant action that will divide the U.S.A. an action that has no urgency behind it. If the new Congress didn't come up with a workable immigration plan, then the President could justify his executive order, at least as a last resort. It's impossible to justify it now.
The 10-point immigration plan the President would impose on the nation is essentially an amnesty for millions of people. Some of them deserve a break. Some of them do not. But Mr. Obama makes no distinction appealing to his left wing base on humanitarian grounds.
But by initiating an executive order that changes federal law with a signature Barack Obama mocks the founding fathers and the Republican Party. If he does this, the President will pay a heavy price now with government chaos and later on the pages of history.
And that's “The Memo”.

