By Bill O'Reilly
As President Obama returns from vacation, the threats from overseas mount. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo".
We live in a dangerous world and under President Obama it's becoming even more dangerous yet millions of Americans are not paying attention. And that in itself is dangerous. Reports over the weekend say that Russian tanks have now moved in to southeastern Ukraine. We don't know the extent of that. But we do know the Russian tyrant Putin continues to challenge President Obama.
In China, warplanes apparently buzzed a U.S. Navy surveillance jet over international waters. The Pentagon calls the situation provocative.
And the ISIS army continues its carnage in the Middle East. It's now captured an air base in Syria. Even as the Obama administration debates whether or not to attack the terror group in that war-torn country. Now it's hard to believe the ISIS situation is so out of control and the President knew about it, knew about the threat, for nearly a year.
Last Thursday Defense Secretary Hagel said this about ISIS.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HAGEL: They are an imminent threat to every interest we have, whether it's in Iraq, or anywhere else. ISIL is as sophisticated and well-funded as any group that we have seen. They're beyond just a terrorist group.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: But this morning Pentagon press secretary Rear Admiral John Kirby seemed to play down the ISIS situation.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REAR ADMIRAL JOHN KIRBY, PENTAGON PRESS SECRETARY: Well, I think the general feeling is they're not capable of a 9/11-like style attack on the homeland right now. They certainly could through the use of foreign fighters impact western targets, including American targets, if they so choose.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So once again we have mixed signals -- the Obama administration apparently not knowing how to deal with ISIS. That's disturbing, because the USA should be doing everything in its power to crush those savages. We have to bomb them in Syria, we bomb them. We have to send in drones to kill their leadership, you do it.
America has been equivocating about this threat for far too long. And one of the reasons for that is that many Americans are fed up with fighting wars abroad. On the Republican side, Senator Rand Paul, leading that movement.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. RAND PAUL (R), KENTUCKY: You know what? We are tired of war. We're worried that Hillary Clinton will get us involved in another Middle Eastern war because she's so gung ho. If you want to see a transformational election in our country let the Democrats put forward a war hawk like Hillary Clinton.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: On the left there is also opposition to using military power to crush threats or right wrongs. And it's understandable with all the chaos in Iraq and Afghanistan, who wants another military involvement? Not Talking Points.
President Obama's correct in being hesitant to put American military forces on the ground. But there are other ways to confront villains and threats to the American people. And here is where President Obama falls down. He does not anticipate dangerous situations. He does not have strategies at the ready. Therefore, the terror threat is rising, and villains like Putin are gaining power.
It's just a matter of time before America is harmed by bad people. The murder of journalist James Foley was just a preview of what is very likely to continue to happen on a far greater scale. President Obama must wise up and fast, and become far more aggressive in blunting threats to this county. And we, the people, need to start paying attention, as well because it is we who hold the real power in this country. And believe me, we are not using it.
And that's "The Memo."

