By Bill O'Reilly
Today, the Senate Intelligence Committee issued a report that says flat out that individuals tied to al Qaeda groups were involved in the Benghazi attack directly contradicting a recent "New York Times" report. That comes on the heels of the House Armed Services Committee report yesterday that says the same thing but went a bit further. The House says then-Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta and the head of the joint chiefs of staff, General Martin Dempsey, both label the attack a terrorist action and Panetta told President Obama that on the day the attack happened 9/11.
So, now, we have a major situation, but the president still has not commented on the latest reports.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ED HENRY, FOX NEWS CHIEF WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Why, if these military leaders testified to Capitol Hill that they knew it was an attack, almost immediately, why did you continue --
(CROSSTALK)
JAY CARNEY, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: -- two things. First of all, of course it was an attack. The facility was attacked there was never any doubt about -- come on, Ed. I know there is a desire here to --
(CROSSTALK)
CARNEY: This is just not factual. Of course it was an attack. It was an attack that led to the deaths of four Americans.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Another dodge by White House spokesman Jay Carney.
The Senate Intelligence report out today also says the terror attack on Ambassador Stevens and other Americans could have been prevented because the CIA told the State Department under Hillary Clinton that the security situation in Benghazi in Libya in general was getting much worse. Yet, the State Department did not, did not beef up security, even though it was warned. Again, according to the Senate report out today.
Now, all of this should trouble every loyal American and politics should not be a part of it. We need the federal government to be proactive in protecting Americans from terrorists. And ironically that's what the National Security Agency is supposed to do but the NASA may be overdoing it.
New information again out today says that the NASA has tapped into computers, all over the world to track terrorists. That has led to yet another outcry against a massive spying apparatus, the Obama administration has in place. Somehow the president has to sort all of this out, in a very clear and concise manner.
We, the people, need to know why the world was mislead about Benghazi and we need to know what the NASA is allowed to and what it should never do, and we need to know these things now. And that's "The Memo."

