


O'REILLY: Thank you for staying with us. I'm Bill O'Reilly. In the "Weekdays with Bernie" segment tonight, back in 2011, I interviewed James Foley, who was kidnapped by pro-Gadhafi forces in Libya and held captive for weeks. Mr. Foley survived that, and then went on to cover the war in Syria, where again he was captured, this time by the ISIS terror army. This week, he was beheaded on camera by those savages. His family is devastated.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DIANE FOLEY, MOTHER: Jim just could feel the prayers, he was strong, courageous, loving to the end. I mean, we just hardly recognize our little boy. I mean, he was just a hero.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You know from the videos, that his last words were I wish I could see my family.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: No question the U.S.A. should do everything in his power to destroy these ISIS criminals, but there are some who resist doing that. The New York Times does not even want to call them terrorists. Instead they use the words Sunni militants, unbelievable. Joining us now from North Carolina, purveyor of bernardgoldberg.com, Mr. Goldberg. Sunni militants, Bernie, what do you think about that?
BERNARD GOLDBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You know, I think, Bill, that many liberals, not all but many, including many in the media have a problem with the whole concept of evil. Maybe it's because the word has religious connotations, maybe because it's judgmental and liberals don't like being judgmental. They have no problem calling conservatives evil or polluters evil or even the cops in Ferguson, they imply are evil. But generally speaking, they don't like dealing with the word or concept of evil. This isn't some crazy theory I just came up with. When Ronald Reagan called the old Soviet Union the evil empire, liberals were outraged. I remember liberals at the New York Times were in a frenzy over it. They thought Ronald Reagan was a Neanderthal. Now, the old Soviet Union had no freedom. They threw dissidents in jail. But still, they don't like the word evil. Now, I'm with you that militants is too --
O'REILLY: Weak.
GOLDBERG: -- tame a word. It's too weak. But I think even the word terrorist, unless you add a few adjectives to it, doesn't describe the savagery of these people. Hard news journalists can't call them in their news stories evil or beasts or savages or barbarians. I grant you that. But we need to come up with a new word. I'm serious about this. We need to come up with a new word, a word that more accurately describes these savages than militants.
O'REILLY: They are Nazis. That's the word. That's what they're. They are Nazis, and that's what they do.
GOLDBERG: You know what? Let me say this, Bill. You are absolutely right, and when in the 1940s, the media referred to them as Nazis, everybody in America knew what that meant.
O'REILLY: That's right.
GOLDBERG: They knew what that meant. And unless you call them something like Nazis.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: Have to call them Nazi Muslims or whatever. All right. Now I want to ask you about Youtube. Youtube posted this beheading, and then they took it down. But they kept it up long enough so everybody could see it. That's a disgrace. What's the hell wrong with Youtube? Nobody should ever, ever post anything like that.
GOLDBERG: Yes. I don't know the mechanics of Youtube. I don't call these things machines the way you do, but I'm not much more sophisticated about these things.
They shouldn't go up in the first place. But they should be pulled down as soon as possible. I don't know if Youtube pulled it down as soon as they knew about it or how that works.
O'REILLY: They let it go way too long. There are people who can regulate that kind of stuff. I just want to make that point that no one.
GOLDBERG: This is a P.R. machine for them.
O'REILLY: That's right. For the terrorists, for the Nazis.
GOLDBERG: Right, right.
O'REILLY: Okay. Now, I want to make one more point and then we will get on to Ferguson. There are those on the right who don't want to confront ISIS as well. I mean, Senator Rand Paul very, you know, all over the place. Other people, libertarian oh, no, let them do, we shouldn't get involved in all of this. So I do want to be fair. It's not just on the left, but we have got to kill all of these people, okay?
I want everybody to get that left wing web site read my lips. Right now, the United States has to kill all of the ISIS people. Not murder them, kill them, as the pope, all right? As the pope says has to be done, because, you know why? They are Nazis, all right. Let's get to Ferguson. Seven and a half minute talking points memo. Your assessment?
GOLDBERG: First, let me state the obvious. I don't know what happened between the cop and the kid, and neither does anybody watching us tonight. You and I have covered enough hard news to know that there were times when cops cross the line and there were certainly times when 18-year- old kids are more than willing to start trouble. So let's not jump to conclusions.
Here is what I do know for sure, that if the cop who shot that 18- year-old black kid, if the cop who did the shooting were black, there would be no national media in Ferguson. There would be no live shots every 10 minutes. There would be no civil rights establishment in Ferguson. There would be no Al Sharpton in Ferguson. There would be no nothing in Ferguson. Because, the civil rights establishment and white liberals look the other way when black people kill black people. If George Zimmerman were black, we wouldn't even know the name Trayvon Martin. The Justice Department, and you alluded to this, the Justice Department says about 13 percent of America is black. 49 percent of the homicides are committed by blacks and over 90 percent of the black people who are killed are killed by other black people.
So, while I am not saying that all cops are angels, and some cops do harbor racial animus, when it comes to crime, Bill, when it comes to crime, it isn't bad cops that's plaguing black America. That's not the problem. It isn't bad cops. It's black people killing other black people. That's plaguing black America and the Al Sharptons of the--
O'REILLY: I think black people in the South Side of Chicago know that and are screaming for help. And Mayor Emanuel and the police chief don't know what to do. But the media inflames this story, Bernie. As I said, the media is terrified, terrified, stand up to the racial agitators. Last word.
GOLDBERG: They are terrified. This is an important point. I will do it briefly. Members of the African-American elite and many white liberals have said that we don't put enough value on the lives of young black men. Well, they certainly don't put enough value on it because if they did, they would be out yelling when black kids are killing black kids in places like Chicago. But they are not.
O'REILLY: Bernie Goldberg, everyone.


