By Bill O'Reilly
Today, the President asked for nearly $4 billion to deal with the crisis on the Texas/Mexican border. Mr. Obama wants to use that money to place more immigration judges at the border. Build more detention centers and hire more border patrol agents. But throwing money at the problem will not work.
If the President is not going to move the National Guard down there, which would stop people from physically crossing the border, the rest is smoke and mirrors. Right now anyone can cross and surrender to the border patrol because they will, most likely be able to stay here. So why would you spend $4 billion when it's not going to do anything? They are still going to come over.
And what about Mexico? That country is facilitating millions of people walking up to the border through their territory. President Obama remains silent on Mexico.
"Talking Points" believes Mr. Obama just wants the problem to go away, we doesn't really want to solve it. Why -- because his left wing base doesn't want to solve it.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PELOSI: This crisis that some call a crisis we have to view as an opportunity. I'm a mother of five. I have nine grandchildren. I wish that I could take all those children home with me. We are all Americans in this hemisphere North and South America.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right. So that's an open border statement. Let them all in and no restraints at all. According to Congresswoman Pelosi, we're all Americans. It doesn't matter whether you live in Tierra del Fuego. It doesn't matter if we live in the arctic we are all Americans. Therefore everybody come on in.
I mean this woman is off the chart loopy, is she not? If Mrs. Pelosi knew anything, which she apparently doesn't, she would know that the United States simply cannot afford to absorb millions of uneducated people. Our welfare system is strained to limit now. So is the public school system. Schools in the poorer precincts are generally a disaster. And now you are going to add millions of more poor students to an already crumbling system? Is that what you are going to do?
The basic immigration problem is centered in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras according to data collected by the Census Bureau and Homeland Security. Almost three million immigrants from those countries have come to the USA and 60 percent of them are illegal. 70 percent of all those immigrants cannot speak English very well -- 70 percent; about 50 percent of them lack a high school education; and more than 50 percent of the immigrants from those three countries use at least one major welfare program once they get here.
So the Obama administration is allowing millions of people to come in without the skills necessary to complete -- to compete in the marketplace. That's creating an underclass -- folks who generally will work hard when they get the chance, but because of language and education deficits are largely consigned to low-paying jobs.
Again, with a debt approaching $18 trillion, the USA doesn't have the money to support all these people. In addition our infrastructure is declining along with median incomes with working Americans. And you can't tax working folks anymore.
So the unintended consequences of illegal immigration are staggering. Nancy Pelosi and other liberals ignore the facts preferring to live in a fantasy world of self-righteousness. Oh I wish I could take each and every one. And attacking those who want immigration law to be enforced -- why do we have the law in the first place? And the government, the federal government to be run responsibly.
According to all the polls, most Americans do want illegal aliens to be treated fairly. Only the fringe has animus towards them. People living in corrupt nations are desperate. Most understand that but fair minded Americans also understand that this country is in severe decline. And the President as well as the Democratic Party is largely responsible for that. I mean it's outrageous to allow a chaotic border situation that harms the entire nation, is it not?
And that's "The Memo."

