

O'REILLY: Thanks for staying with us. I'm Bill O'Reilly.
In the "Weekdays with Bernie" segment tonight, the White House Press Corps, outraged, because the Obama administration banned the press from an event celebrating the 45th Anniversary of the Apollo 11 --
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
-- Moon Landing. I mean, this is a big deal, America getting to the moon first 45 years ago. Neil Armstrong walking around, the entire country celebrating back then.
So, why on earth wouldn't the President want press coverage.
MAJOR GARRETT, CBS NEWS REPORTER: On behalf of the Correspondents Association, I just want to lodge a formal complaint about the Apollo 11 event today. Still, the presentation of that limits television coverage of that event.
We believe that that is a classic definition of something that happened, should have the broadest press coverage imaginable.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Joining us now from North Carolina, Bernie Goldberg, who has been investigating. So, this, to me, for the life of me, I can't figure this out. Do you know why.
BERNIE GOLDBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I'll give you a strong possibility. What if one of the astronauts goes up and says, "Mr. President, I think you made a big mistake by gutting the manned space program."
What if another astronaut says, "Mr. President, it's humiliating for Americans to have to hitch a ride to the space station on a Russian rocket." You think the President needs the press around to hear any of that, no.
O'REILLY: OK, but -- but wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
GOLDBERG: And just -- Bill, just remember, --
O'REILLY: They could do that anyway. The two guys involved, Aldrin and Collins, they could do that anyway. They could hold a press conference and they could say that.
GOLDBERG: It's different. It's different if you're right there --
O'REILLY: Yes.
GOLDBERG: -- with a camera. And, by the way, let's not forget that this is the same Barack Obama who promised us that he would have the most open administration, the most transparent administration in American history.
Yes, sure. But, to my friends at home watching this, please do not believe that this is evidence or one more piece of evidence that the press is finally getting tough on Barack Obama.
It is not true. The press is miffed because Barack Obama is treating them like children, telling them where they can go and where they can't go.
When they show some interest in the IRS scandal, when they show some interest in Sgt. Bergdahl who was off the radar screen altogether, then maybe I'll reconsider my position. But not until then.
O'REILLY: OK. So, you think that they were told they couldn't cover this and their egos were --
GOLDBERG: Yes.
O'REILLY: -- or feelings were hurt. But I still think it was a dumb thing. But I can't imagine, Aldrin is pretty feisty.
Aldrin is a feisty guy. So, maybe they're -- Collins wouldn't do it. But maybe they're worried about Aldrin saying, "You know what, we used to be a great nation in space. Now, we're not."
GOLDBERG: Right, exactly.
O'REILLY: And, "Mr. President, please re-think it," embarrassing him, worldwide headline. Possible.
All right, the administration is angry about anonymous sources being used by the "Washington Post" and others to attack it. But this is an age old thing, anonymous sources, right.
GOLDBERG: Yes, they don't like these anonymous sources because they make the President look bad. If there was a story about anonymous sources that said Barack Obama is the greatest president since George Washington, they'd have no problem with it.
And besides, the White House is filled with anonymous sources that blab to the press every single day of the week. So, no, is it ideal to have anonymous sources, and there's "No, it is not ideal."
We'd all prefer people to go on the record. But that doesn't always work because people are afraid of losing their jobs. So, it is not ideal but, to use a familiar expression, it is what it is.
O'REILLY: OK, I would never say that because it's a cliche and we have --
GOLDBERG: I know, I apologize. I apologize to everybody.
O'REILLY: We're not kicking any cans down the road and we're not going home at the end of the day. Now, I need your advice, Goldberg, OK. I need Goldberg's advice.
There's a bunch of books around that are harsh toward various people. And the books are built on anonymous sources. They're built on them, all right.
I have said no to the books. Not that I disagree with the books, not that I think the books aren't accurate. I've read some of the books.
But I just feel queasy putting authors on who come in and they say pretty terrible things about people, both on the left and the right. But they don't have back-up for it.
And you can make a lot of money doing that. So, am I wrong for not featuring those books.
GOLDBERG: No, you're not wrong. I totally agree with you, totally.
O'REILLY: Oh, my God. Now, I know I'm in trouble.
GOLDBERG: Well, you are in trouble.
(LAUGHTER)
And I'll give you a little behind-the-scenes information. I was asked to write a blurb for one of those books and I said no. I said no.
You know, I mean, some of the allegations, if true, would be blockbuster news. But I don't know if they're true.
O'REILLY: Yes, we don't know.
GOLDBERG: I feel real uneasy about that stuff.
O'REILLY: Right. And there's a lot of money to be made in those precincts because the books sell anyway. But I just feel uneasy about it.
So, we've got a policy now. If the book is primarily anonymous sources, no matter what it is, we're not going to do it.
Bernie Goldberg, everybody.


