
O'REILLY: "Campaign 2014" segment tonight. The midterm election just four days away as we mentioned in the talking points. The North Carolina Senate race really vicious. And in Colorado, the question is, will traditional voters there take their state back from the far left. As someone who had lived in Denver for two years I know that state a completely different place now. And marijuana has been legalized, far left madness prevails. We had trouble getting Jessica's law passed there on and on. However, republican senatorial challenger Cory Gardner now leads democratic incumbent Mark Udall by close to four points according to Real Clear. Also the democratic Governor John Hickenlooper is in trouble as well. He is tied now with the challenger republican Bob Beauprez. Keep your eye on Colorado.
Joining us now from New Orleans, democrat James Carville, from Washington republican Kate Obenshain. So, I know there is disenchantment with President Obama, Kate. Everybody says that but I think in Colorado there is a cultural deal in play as well. Do you agree?
KATE OBENSHAIN, REPUBLICAN STRATEGIST: I do. I think all parents of teenagers who are not themselves stoned will be voting for the republicans. I think these are the folks that are not influenced by the pro-pot campaign but are seeing the kids trading grandma's edible marijuana on the playground. They are hearing about the foreign exchange student who jumped to his death. They are seeing increased number of people going to the emergency rooms. They are dealing with the real consequences and they understand what it means for Colorado. But, also, there has just been this dramatic shift that you referenced Bill to the left with gun control legislation and I think took a lot of voters by surprise.
O'REILLY: Yes. So, there's actually a recall elections there because Colorado is a pro-gun state. Because it's a royal state.
OBENSHAIN: It sure is.
O'REILLY: People like to go out there. The tradition of the west is you have to have firearms to protect yourself Colorado certainly in the forefront of that. Now, Carville, when you look at these races, and you look at Colorado.
JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: Right.
O'REILLY: If Colorado were to go republican, if, all right, would that signal to you a shift in the mood of the entire country?
CARVILLE: No. Look, it should be a good republican year. Historically the sixth year of the incumbent party. The government's race is tied. That's a great dog bite -- it should be tied. And they might win. And it could be some sort of a backlash. You know, remember, the pot referendum was passed by the voters. And it still, according to the polling, still would pass if it went again today. I don't see this as being some political earthquake in the making. It may very well win the Senate seat. It may very well win the governor's race. It's an elections in what should be a really good republican year.
O'REILLY: All right. The reason the pot deal won in Colorado is because a huge money came in to support it. Out of state money. Enormous amount of money to get it on the ballot and to support it. And the demographics have shifted in Colorado as well.
CARVILLE: Yes.
O'REILLY: It's not the state it used to be when I lived there.
CARVILLE: Nothing is what it used to be. Things change.
O'REILLY: I just think it's a really interesting platform because there have been unintended consequences of this pot legalization. Now, let's go to North Carolina. In North Carolina this is another big one. Because if Hagan loses, she is popular in that state or at least was. Then, I say it's all over for the democrats, at least for the next two years until the presidential race starts. You say, Kate?
OBENSHAIN: Well, I think it's a huge indicator that it will be incredibly great night for republican if Kaye Hagan goes down particularly given the nasty anti-Tillis campaign that we have been seeing largely funded by outside money that Kay Hagan claims to be he opposed to. But the dirtiness. I was looking at Politico the other day. And every page I turned to was Tom Tillis will not protect women. This constant mantra. I think one of the things that will tell us is that war on women means that there's been out there for --
O'REILLY: Yes, and that's been played in Colorado, you referenced the outside money in North Carolina. Let's role this sound bite, go.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. KAY HAGAN (D), NORTH CAROLINA: If you think about it, you have a handful of the wealthiest people in this country that are dictating what 350 million Americans hear and see on TV and that's wrong. To me, that is not democracy.
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN: But as long as the money is coming from people who support you it's okay?
HAGAN: You know, I certainly wish that we could have disclosed where people -- where no matter who gives money that the public knows and follows that. That's why I support this bill.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Carville, why didn't she give the money back when it comes from the outside of the state? Why didn't she give the money back?
CARVILLE: First of all, I think -- $250 million in this cycle alone. And she wanted to make that point that's fine.
O'REILLY: But she didn't give the outside money back. How can you criticize?
CARVILLE: Thom Tillis is saying to North Carolina --
(CROSSTALK)
ObamaCare and Medicaid bring that up. Not the first politician to say I am taking this money but it shouldn't be there.
O'REILLY: Carville, focus can, why didn't she give the money out of state back?
CARVILLE: Again, she doesn't have to. She made her point.
O'REILLY: OK. She doesn't have to. All right. She looks like a fool. She looks like a fool. That's all.
CARVILLE: Right.
O'REILLY: All right. Thanks very much.


