By Bill O'Reilly
Well the initial data is in. Gallup took a poll more than a thousand adults and asked this question. What do you think is the most important problem facing the country today? 17 percent say immigration/illegal aliens. That's up for just 3 percent in January and it leads the league.
Second, dissatisfaction with government. Third, the economy. Fourth, unemployment/jobs and fifth, healthcare. So right now in the U.S.A. the poorest border and foreign children suffering because of it is the most important issue nation is facing. And on that issue, two other polls are out. According to Pew, just 28 percent of Americans approve of he way President Obama is handling the border, 56 percent disapprove, a double.
Washington Post has it, 33 percent approving, 58 percent disapproving. But Republicans congress get blamed as well. Only 23 percent say they're doing a good job, solving the immigration mess or whapping 66 percent say they are not.
It is long past time for Washington to secure the Southern Border, everybody knows that, we've been lied to for years and both parties are responsible. But the main corporate for the latest humanitarian disaster is President Obama and now it's up to him to fix the problem.
The Drug Enforcement Administration has an intelligence arm which recently interviewed 230 illegal aliens who were detained in the border. 219 of them say the primary reason people from central America are coming here illegally is that they believe they can stay. The myth that the far left is putting out, that countries like El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala are actively harming their populations is destroyed by that survey.
As we documented yesterday, the border chaos is directly affecting all parts in the U.S.A. Some governors are not condemning the Obama administration for not informing them before they move illegal aliens into their states. That's atrocious.
Even an ultra liberal Maryland, there is decent.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
RICHARD ROTHSCHILD: I want to point out that HHISKHHS (ph) what are you going to do if these children can't find their parents? Are you going to keep them imprisoned in this compound? No answers.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Over the past few weeks, talking points is pinpointed the problem, there's very little leadership coming out of the White House or congress on almost every issue. Because of that America is now drifting into a very dangerous territory. A way may break out in the Middle East at any moment. Terrorism is on the rise and hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens continue to flood into the country without consequence.
All I can do is tell you the truth and point out which should happen. I can't make the President and the congress do anything. But you guys can. Americans have got to make their disenchantment loud and clear, by directly contacting senators and representatives and by voting in November. Let's throw the bums out. And that's "The Memo".

