By Bill O'Reilly
To bring you up to date, there are charges the Internal Revenue Service targeted conservative groups, Tea Party groups, trying to deny them tax- exempt status.
For almost a year Congress has been trying to get to the bottom of the situation; FBI also investigating. But still we know very little. That's because the IRS people involved are taking the Fifth.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
LERNER: My counsel has advised me that I have not waived my constitutional rights under the Fifth Amendment and on his advice I will decline to answer any question on the subject matter of this hearing.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Also, you may remember President Obama telling me there is not quote "A smidgen of evidence of any IRS corruption." But if that's true, why did former IRS big shot Lois Lerner, who you just saw, take the Fifth? Why not just explain what happened in a calm, rational manner? As you may know, I'm a simple man. That's a simple question. And it remains unanswered.
Talking Points does not know who in the IRS violated the law, but I do believe someone did and there's evidence pointing to White House people. You can't link it to President Obama, but certainly the former IRS commissioner visiting the White House more than 100 times is some kind of evidence.
Mr. Obama told me in that Super Bowl Sunday interview that Douglas Shulman was discussing Obamacare. It does not seem that the House Oversight Committee which Miss Lerner defied again today, is getting anywhere. In fact, they're fighting among themselves.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CUMMINGS: For the past year the central Republican accusation in this investigation --
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're adjourned close it down.
CUMMINGS: -- directed by -- on behalf of the White House. Before our --
REP. DARRELL ISSA (R), CALIFORNIA: Thank you.
CUMMINGS: If you will sit down and allow me to ask a question. I am a member of the Congress of the United States of America. I am tired of this.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well --
CUMMINGS: We have -- we have members over here, each who represent 700,000 people. You cannot just have a one-sided investigation. There is absolutely something wrong with that. And it's absolutely un-American.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Our tax dollars at work absolutely pathetic. Congressman Cummings obviously does not want to know what happened with the IRS. From the very beginning he has been denigrating and stonewalling the investigation. And as the ranking Democratic member of the committee he has the power to do that.
So all in all, the IRS chaos continues and we the people still don't know what really happened.
And that's "The Memo."

