By Bill O'Reilly
The whole world wants to know what happened to the Malaysian jet liner that disappeared 12 days ago. Unfortunately I can't tell you what happened to it. But I can tell you what we know for sure and that will negate about 90 percent of what you have heard in the media which is absolute rubbish.
Let's begin at the beginning. On March 8th at 41 minutes past midnight MH370 departed from Kuala Lumpur for the six hour flight for Beijing, China. At 1:07 the jet sent its last ACARS transmission to the Malaysian maintenance people on the ground. At 1:19 the co-pilot said Fariq Abdul Hamid said "good night" to Malaysian air traffic control.
NBC News is reporting that was 12 minutes after the jet turned west away from its charted course. But, NBC News used an anonymous source so there is no way to confirm that information.
At 2:15 a.m. Malaysian military radar picked up the plane off the coast of Thailand heading west. Six hours later the last signal from the plane was received by a satellite. However, nobody knows where the plane was when that final signal came in. Malaysian officials say the plane could have flown for another 30 minutes running out of fuel at about 8:30 in the morning.
So using this factual data, the jet is either in one of two places: on land in South Asia or at the bottom of the Indian Ocean. South Asia is a densely populated region, full of spy satellite monitoring radar and listening devices almost everywhere. That's because of all the terrorism there. So it is highly unlikely, almost impossible that a huge jet could have snuck in to an airport. As "Talking Points" said last night, the heavy data points to a crash in the Indian Ocean.
Fox News has learned that the FBI is now taking apart the simulator in Kuala Lumpur the pilot had in his home to retrieve erased data. That's vitally important to know if the pilot was some kind of fanatical nut.
All right. The factual content of the memo is now complete.
Enter the lunacy. Singer Courtney Love has tweeted to her 300,000 followers that she has discovered the jet somewhere in the Indian Ocean. There is no truth to the rumor that CNN immediately hired Ms. Love to anchor one of its broadcasts. To say this whole media situation is out of control is the understatement of the century.
One more note. The Malaysian government has been disgraceful in its reaction to the tragedy and its citizens know it.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's been 12 days. My loved one --I don't know where my loved one is -- it's been 12 days. Where is my son? Why are you not giving me any answers?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Once again, the odds are that one or both of the pilots crashed this plane into the ocean.
And that's "The Memo."

