By Bill O'Reilly
Tonight is the deadline to sign up for Obamacare but it's really not. There is no deadline -- the rollout of the affordable healthcare law complete chaos. So sign up when you want, just tell the IRS you had trouble with the Web site, everybody does. That's all you've got to do.
Now, that doesn't mean mandatory national health insurance will not work eventually. It might. But for now, nobody knows. Republicans despise Obamacare because it expands big government and forces people to buy insurance they may not want. Democrats love it because it subsidizes health insurance for the poor.
But there is no question that after four years the Obama administration has not been able to sell the affordable healthcare law.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. JOHN BARRASSO (R), WYOMING: I think they are cooking the books on this. People want to know the answers to that.
JAY CARNEY, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: If we were cooking the books, don't you think we've got to cooked them in October and November? We could have saved ourselves a lot of pain.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, they could have saved themselves a lot of pain by hiring private sector companies to run the machinery and sending Kathleen Sebelius back to Kansas where she can do little harm.
President Obama's entire historical legacy is riding on Obamacare. If it's running smoothly and costs are under control by the time he leaves office, he'll get credit for courage and innovation. If it's a chaotic disaster, he'll go down in history as a poor President. That's it. So we, the people, have to wait because, again, we will not know the facts for a while.
Now, on to the global warming. Big front page article in the "New York Times" that says "The earth is in peril, grave danger, especially for the poor who are apparently are going to be harmed by manmade climate change more than others". A U.N. report says that. But again, nobody really knows whether it's true. Nobody that is, except Brian Williams.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BRIAN WILLIAMS, NBC NEWS ANCHOR: We've never been warned like this before, all of us, about climate change. Unless the world changes course quickly and dramatically, the fundamental systems that supports human civilization are at risk.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Scary lead-ins aside, you cannot destroy your economy or allow villains like Putin to blackmail people with his fossil fuels while embracing some kind of phantom global warming theory even if that theory might someday be valid. But I'll give me one concrete thing that all responsible people should be rooting for.
On "60 Minutes" last night the report on the Tesla electric car which is a game changer. The car runs extremely well, looks good, it doesn't use gas, no gas at all. Now that car in the next few years could be available to millions at a decent price.
So everybody on the planet should be rooting for Tesla. I mean everybody even the traditional car companies that will have to compete. If Tesla can make a clean car, the entire automotive industry can. Therefore, the air would be cleaner everywhere and our wallets thicker. So let's get on it, people. But there will be resistance. Many conservatives don't believe in global warming and oppose alternative energy. I hope you guys rethink the energy part.
I completely understand that many in the green lobby are self- righteous, arrogant and dumb. But we would all be better off if clean, cheap energy becomes the norm. And that's the truth.
And that's "The Memo."

