By Bill O'Reilly
Everybody was making nice at the White House today as the President thanked outgoing HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius for her fine work on the Affordable Care Act.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: Under Kathleen's leadership, her team at HHS turned the corner, got it fixed, got the job done and the final score speaks for itself. There are 7.5 million people across the country that have the security of health insurance, most of them for the very first time and that's because of the woman standing next to me here today.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: And Sebelius is proud of what her team accomplished for the uninsured.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KATHLEEN SEBELIUS, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES SECRETARY: Their stories are so heartening about finally feeling secure and knowing they can take care of themselves and their families.
Unfortunately, a page is missing. So I am just grateful for having had this wonderful opportunity.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: So was Sebelius fired? Who knows? Although just 11 days ago she told "The Huffington Post", quote, "Absolutely, I'm in and staying through at least November." But my question is, how on earth did she keep her job past last November let alone until now? She oversaw one of the most abysmal product rollouts since the New Coke. For that alone she should have been fired. And what did Obamacare actually achieve? Well, many of those 7.5 million Obamacare enrollees are people who had their policies cancelled because of Obamacare.
Also, the huge job losses, premium hikes, out-of-pocket costs soaring. Doctors are retiring early, independent physician practices are disappearing. And the list goes on and on. No corporate CEO or NCAA coach would have survived with a comparable win/loss ratio.
Obama kept Sebelius on for as long as he did for political reasons. He doesn't like to fire people because doing so admits his fallibility and it also gives his critics fodder. Why after "Fast and Furious", after Benghazi, after the IRS targeting is Eric Holder still at Justice? And by the way why was Susan Rice actually given a promotion? I suspect the real reason that Sebelius is leaving has more to do with all of you voters. With the midterm election looking grim for his party the President could not keep the faith of healthcare reform in place.
And come Election Day you have the chance to help rid us of a lot more people who are in over their heads and who overpromise and under deliver. And that's "The Memo."

