By Bill O'Reilly
The V.A. scandal is taking a big toll on the President. Even Americans who support him are vastly disappointed that our American military people are apparently still not getting first class treatment by the V.A.
This troubling situation comes on the heels of Benghazi, the IRS, Fast and Furious and Obamacare. The left has deflected all of those. However, it is hard to defend the V.A. debacle. Hard, but not impossible.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BERNIE SANDERS (I-VT), CHAIR OF THE SENATE VETERANS AFFAIRS COMMITTEE: There has been a little bit of a rush to judgment. What happened in Phoenix? Well, the truth is we don't know. But we are going to find out.
KATRINA VANDEN HEUVEL, EDITOR OF THE NATION MAGAZINE: It was nickel and diamond under the Bush administration, so I think the President faces the important task of speaking to what is going to happen now, to showing what has been improved.
TESTER: I think that they have done a pretty remarkable job if you consider all the folks coming back from Iraq, Afghanistan, doing right by the Vietnam vets, the injuries are coming back with are pretty intense, especially the ones we can't see. I think that the V.A. is doing a pretty darn good job.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Senator Tester in the minority. Most clear thinking Americans know the V.A. is not doing a pretty darn good job. The press coverage of the story has been interesting. ABC, NBC and CBS did do fair coverage last night on their signature news broadcast. "New York Times" down played the story.
But it was the "The Washington Post" that really stepped up to help Mr. Obama. The "Post" editorializing quote, "The extent of wrongdoing is unclear doesn't seem to matter much to those more interested in scoring political points. How else to explain the knee jerk calls mainly by Republicans in the House and the Senate for the ouster of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric K. Shinseki. It's important that the current problems be addressed but they also ought to be kept in context and veterans not made as the President put it into another political football", unquote.
Now that is misguided in the extreme and "The Washington Post" editorial board should know it there are allegations that the veterans died in Phoenix because of bad V.A. policy and that was covered up. Those allegations from doctors, from whistle blowers inside. That's not a political football. That's a disgrace.
Now looking forward, "Talking Points" congratulates CNN for breaking the story and that network has been aggressive in covering the V.A. The far left zealots at MSNBC simply don't care. But the national media in general has to report on this. Thus, President Obama will not get a pass as he has in Benghazi, IRS, et cetera.
Last night I predicted the President's job approval rating would fall below 40 percent as Americans are becoming exhausted by the unending bad news out of the Oval Office. This is not about ideology. This is about running the government efficiently.
And that's "The Memo."

