

O'REILLY: "Personal Story" segment tonight. A new film called "God is not Dead" and its star Kevin Sorbo. The movie opened to a few theaters last week. It was a huge hit. Today it expands across the country. The film's premise is summed up by this clip.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KEVIN SORBO, ACTOR: I'm Professor Radisson and this is Philosophy 150. I'd like to bypass a senseless debate altogether and jump to the conclusion, which every sophomore is already aware of, there is no God.
All that I require from each of you is that you fill on the papers I've just given to you with three little words, God is dead.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: And joining us now from Los Angeles is Mr. Sorbo. So, why should I see this flick. What am I going to get out of this.
SORBO: You know what, every movie creates controversy. And, certainly, this movie will as well. And what you're doing is getting the scientific viewpoint from atheists, but you're also getting the scientific viewpoint from the Christians.
And it's like a miniature faith-based movie in a way, like Crash. Remember that movie, Crash, about 10, 12 years ago, --
O'REILLY: Yes.
SORBO: -- won the Best Picture.
O'REILLY: Yes.
SORBO: It's got five different stories in it that come together at the very end. But this story of my battle with this freshman student who wants to prove God to me and my class is obviously the anchor of the story.
O'REILLY: All right. So, you played the atheist professor. And the student, the younger actor, he plays the person who doesn't -- who wants to promote a belief in God.
OK, that's interesting. Because that goes against type because, in your real life, you are a believer, correct.
SORBO: I'm a believer. There's no question. I know it's shocking for people to find out that there are actually atheists in our universities but, yes, there are.
(LAUGHTER)
And what's great at the end of this movie, there's 37 cases that they show, with the university and student, that people can freeze-frame when they get the DVD and they can go check it out online for themselves.
O'REILLY: Oh, there's no doubt. You know we've been reporting that for years, that the academia is rife with secularism and anti-religious sentiment.
Now, when you -- you're involved with this movie not as an actor but you're involved with the production and everything else. Did you get resistance in Hollywood from this film -- for this film.
SORBO: You know, it's not really resistance from this particular film. I've been getting resistance for a long time from it. My manager has told me many times that for me standing up for my political points of view and coming on shows like yours, and I've been on "Hannity" and things and where -- it's a backlash to me.
I noticed, this year -- I don't know, there's probably 50, 60 different pilots between all the cable and all networks, I read for one. I've gotten to read for one.
I used to read for 10, 12 a year. Look, I had Hercules. It was the most watched TV show in the world for seven years, and Andromeda, --
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
-- five-year hit, number one syndicated show in America. And then I've done about 50 movies since. But most of them are in that smaller, independent world, which is fine. You know, Hollywood owes me nothing.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
I've been very fortunate that many actors would love to have the career I've had. But do I see a kickback from it and have I heard the hatred, and the anger comes back towards me for actually having a different point of view in a city that claims tolerance. Yes, it's definitely come back to bite me.
O'REILLY: OK, but it isn't that you are that right-wing. I mean, I don't think -- I'm not seeing anything really crazy here.
SORBO: No, no.
O'REILLY: You vote for both Democrats and Republicans. You are not - -
SORBO: True.
O'REILLY: -- evangelizing or proselytizing.
SORBO: No.
O'REILLY: So, what is it --
SORBO: Not at all.
O'REILLY: -- what is it that you do that has annoyed the Hollywood chieftains.
SORBO: Well, Bill, I think you know this. I mean, you've heard it from many other actors and then, you know, from the John Voights out there and Kelsey Grammers, the kickback that they've been receiving.
They're big, big stars. You know, even if you're an independent voter, I mean, I am definitely a guy that's -- I'm not sitting on the fence but I look at both sides.
I vote with my heart, my mind, my gut. I actually look at people, weigh the pros and cons, who's going to be best for this country.
But so many people, especially in this industry, they vote with anger and they vote maybe out of fear. They vote with this -- you know, people outside the industry vote for who's going to give me more stuff.
I mean, you know that. You report this stuff all the time, so --
O'REILLY: All right, so if you're not cheerleading for the Democratic Party or the liberal point of view, --
SORBO: Yes.
O'REILLY: -- if you're not actively cheerleading, then your opportunities are cut down. And I believe that. I think you're absolutely right.
SORBO: Yes.
O'REILLY: I mean, look, I'm in the same business as you're in now as a producer. Luckily, we have a very, very good system for my books and then -- but we have -- we've had, you know, discussions with other people, big-name stars.
And, you know, I'm not going to name them now. But, believe me, I could at any moment. I said, "You know who you are."
SORBO: I'm a big-name star -- I'm a big-name star in my mind. But, anyway, --
O'REILLY: No, no -- but, but --
SORBO: -- speaking of which, talking about God, I've got to push this.
O'REILLY: Right.
SORBO: I've got to push this. It's my wife's book, proving the existence of God. It's called The Answer.
So, check it out. And this goes hand-in-hand with this movie right here to prove the existence of God.
O'REILLY: OK. Now, let me just wrap up my though. When a person in Hollywood, certain people, all right, hear that it's business with me, all right, they don't want to do that.
SORBO: Uh-hmm.
O'REILLY: Because their cocktail party invitations decline. It's a social thing as much as an ideological thing. But, with you, I think it's crazy because you're just not a nutty kind of guy.
And you're not that far out there. So, what's the name of your wife book again, just so you're happy when you go out -- because I don't want Hercules mad at me. Go on.
(LAUGHTER)
SORBO: It is called The Answer.
O'REILLY: The Answer, OK.
SORBO: The Answer, Proof of God in Heaven. Please check it out. But, you know what, --
O'REILLY: And the movie is?
SORBO: -- I don't get invited to as many things as I used to. That part is true but, you know what, --
O'REILLY: Well, you're lucky. You're better off.
SORBO: -- Hollywood owes me nothing. I've been very fortunate.
O'REILLY: All right, the movie is God's Not Dead. Mr. Sorbo, thank you.


