By Bill O'Reilly
This afternoon, authorities in Morin County, California told the world that Mr. Williams hanged himself in his bedroom. As you might know the media is playing the Williams story big. And some believe it might be too much. Bernie Goldberg will analyze that in just a few minutes.
But "Talking Points" does not believe the coverage is overdone because this is a very important story. Apparently Robin Williams suffered from depression as 16 million Americans do. And it was a depression that likely caused him to take his own life. This morning I was impressed when Dr. Keith Ablow said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DR. KEITH ABLOW, MD, FORENSIC PSYCHIATRIST: Here's the truth. Every life story, what happened to Robin Williams he came to believe, that this grand imposture depression robbed him of the belief that he had pages left of his life story that would be great.
Everyone does have that. It's the absolute truth. I promise you. And if people will take little bit of a horizon and say look maybe tomorrow I still feel terrible but I bet that next season I will be restored if I deploy all the resources at my disposal. I promise 100 percent that can happen.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, that is solid advice to everyone who gets depressed. Things will get better. The cycle of life dictates it unless you are self- destructive.
Now on to Mr. Williams, himself. He's one of the last entertainment icons meaning that most of the country knew him and his vast talent. Today we are a fractured society with Americans going off into all different directions thanks to social media. Never again, will entertainers like Robin Williams be so prominent in the nation's mind.
Mr. Williams had a unique talented. I saw him at Carnegie Hall a few years ago and almost his entire act was extemporaneous off the cuff. Brilliance doesn't even begin to cover it. His peers knew that. They understood the giant talent of Robin Williams.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GIBSON: Well it's too soon. He is out of here way too soon. He is very gifted. He had a -- his benchmark in his field. And no one can ever kind of reach that again, I don't think. No one ever did.
SCHWAZENEGGER: We are mourning the loss of such a great man and he was also a friend and I admired him and he is -- you know, he's a legend.
ANTONIO BANDERAS, ACTOR: He made people laugh. In today's world with the violence and everything that is going around, that was a very serious business. We are going to miss him a lot.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: It is a sad fact of life that many creative artists are tortured souls. Ernest Hemingway committed suicide, so did Kurt Cobain and hundreds of other artists destroyed themselves with drugs and/or alcohol.
There is a unique pressure on famous people. Everyone has high expectations of them and it's very difficult to live up to those expectations and still live as a normal human being.
I met Robin Williams one time at Yankee stadium. He seemed to be a good guy, he made everybody in the box laugh and he was very courteous. Colonel Hunt who provided security for Mr. Williams at times confirmed that last night.
So the nation mourns the death of Robin Williams and hopefully all of us become more aware of the depression situation. My friend, Mike Wallace, struggled with it his entire life and even attempted suicide himself. It's a terrible disease but one that can be overcome. And that's "The Memo".

