By Bill O'Reilly
The ISIS terror army now fighting the Kurds in Iraq and in the west Lebanese forces as it tries to establish a Muslim caliphate in the Middle East. The offshoot of al Qaeda now controls much of Iraq and Syria and is threatening Lebanon and Jordan, as well.
According to the U.N. at least 200,000 refugees have fled these killers while murdering Christians and other folks they don't like in grisly ways. Yet President Obama has not yet ordered the U.S. military to move against them. The administration continues to study the situation. Although today there were indications that some bombing is being considered.
The Obama administration well understand most Americans do not want any reinvolvement in Iraq and are tired of sacrificing for foreign nations. But that is foolish thinking. You don't walk away from a dire threat. You confront it in a smart way. The ISIS army could be downgraded by using American air power and drones without the USA getting directly involved with Iraqi politics which is a fool's errand.
That country must sort out its own problems but the ISIS threat extends far beyond Baghdad and here is where the Obama administration is making a big mistake by hiding behind the Iraq's chaos. The USA is allowing Islamic terrorism to gain enormous power.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOSH EARNEST, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: It's important for everyone to understand and the President has made this clear that there are no American military solutions to the problems in Iraq. We can't solve these problems for them.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: But we can diminish the fighting ability of ISIS and we should because they will come after us eventually.
There's no question the Americans looks weak in the face of the jihadist threat and Putin's aggression. The Russian tyrant massing forces on the eastern border of Ukraine continuing to saber rattle despite economic sanctions. Does President Obama even have a plan ready to go in case Putin does invade that sovereign country? If so, might it not deter Russia if that plan was made public?
It's completely understandable that many Americans do not want to involve our country in faraway places like Ukraine and the Middle East where most Americans will never go and do not understand that the world is interconnected.
For example, if the Taliban defeats the Afghan forces that we armed and trained, yet another terror state will re-emerge. And as we saw on 9/11 these fanatics are not just content with brutalizing their own people, they want to kill us and other infidels all over the world.
"Talking Points" have said for years that American power is the last hope in defeating worldwide terrorism. Who will do it if we do not? Spain? But President Obama seems comfortable staying on the sidelines with the rest of the world allowing ISIS and Putin to disrupt civilization. The longer we wait the more painful the inevitable confrontation will be.
And that's ‘The Memo.'

