

O'REILLY: Thanks for staying with us. I'm Bill O'Reilly in the "Miller Time" segment tonight. We have been talking this week about how dumb some Americans are. They simply don't know anything about their country and could not care less. On Monday, President's Day, Jimmy Kimmel's crew took to the streets to talk about President Franklin Roosevelt.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: President Roosevelt passed away this morning due to natural causes at the very old age. Do you have any condolences to give to his family?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He was a good man and sorry to hear of his passing.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I hope that the country can remember a great man at this time as their family's mourning.
(LAUGHTER)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Did you follow his account on Twitter? A little joke?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh yeah. Oh, my gosh. He is a funny guy.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: And joining us now from Santa Barbara, the sage of Southern California, Dennis Miller. First of all, did people who are just dumb, do they concern you? Bother you, annoy you? Anything like that?
DENNIS MILLER: I'm more frightened that I didn't know Franklin Roosevelt was still alive. But ...
(LAUGHTER)
MILLER: You can hear that we have become emotionally eloquent and we have become intellectually a little less so. You can hear the guy. He knows where the paf (ph) love's dog thing is. You've got to hit the button. That was a good family, we mourn their loss. He was a good man. But you don't even have to know anything about the guy. We deal now in feelings. We don't deal in facts anymore. And that's because our schools went all touchy feely. I think our school system should give a basic menu of reading, writing, arithmetic geography and history and everything else that you want to get for your kid, it should be a-la cart. But that's not the way it works now. Everything is back loaded where it's all about feelings, empathy, this, that. And at the end of the day, you know, you say Battle of Hastings to people and they look at you like you are from another universe. So, that's the way it is now, Billy.
O'REILLY: Punk rock band in Nebraska battle of Hastings.
(LAUGHTER)
O'REILLY: And I think I'm wrong. I think I'm wrong, but when I encounter somebody who I know right away they don't speak English very well, and I'm dealing with them, mostly in a service capacity, you know, trying to get something done, I don't get angry anymore. I just say is there someone else I can deal with? You know, it's insulting when I do that to them, it's condescending, but I just in my life now, I just - I can't deal with it anymore. It's just nuts.
MILLER: Well, you know, Bill.
O'REILLY: It's getting worse.
MILLER: That's your life. I don't run into Biden as frequently as you do.
(LAUGHTER)
MILLER: But I do know, this. Biden doesn't know who Biden is. Biden is so out there that I can't tell if he is actually real or he just hallucinates himself when I happen to see it. Now, here's what I would do: everybody who wants on a cell phone. I would just say that there is a question on each time the kid opens the cell phone saying what year did this happen. And then to get the four digits you have to enter something between 1776 and 2014. Or they can't get on their phone and live their lives. That might be a way we could reach ...
O'REILLY: That's brilliant, Miller. That's brilliant. We would impose education or they couldn't use the machines. Wow. What a good idea.
MILLER: There you go, Billy.
O'REILLY: Of course the ACLU would sue your butt off and you couldn't do it. All right.
MILLER: Well, then they should make the code ACLU.
O'REILLY: On television, they are getting desperate, these reality shows are getting desperate.
MILLER: Yeah.
O'REILLY: because they have done everything. All right? So now the next one is naked dating. Are you aware what's going on here?
MILLER: Yeah. I think I heard that the kid who used to be on "American Idol," William Hung is going to be on there. Is that right? Is that the show?
O'REILLY: I didn't hear that and I really don't understand.
MILLER: Well, I just say - I heard a rumble.
O'REILLY: Right. Now, it will be a hit naked dating. It's going to be a hit, you know it will be.
MILLER: Yeah. Well, I don't like the idea of our people being put into date lock. You know, I think we should free them from job lock and date lock. And everybody should just lay at home on a couch like a rump roast with a channel clicker and do absolutely nothing. So the idea of people marrying or people working, that's old news, Billy. This is the new America. I'm happy to be here.
(LAUGHTER)
MILLER: I do know this. As fat as this country is, they are not going to have to blur anybody's genitals out because there will be a modesty overhang coming down from their waist region.
O'REILLY: And you know, while I think about it that you are freeing them from clothes lock, too, on this show. So that, you know ...
MILLER: A lot of locks out there, Billy.
O'REILLY: There are.
MILLER: We have got to run free like wild horses.
O'REILLY: I know gazelles and the Serengeti. Finally the Oscars are Sunday night. Were you aware the Academy Awards -- are you aware of that?
MILLER: Oh, sure. You know what? That's the one thing I can't dodge. I didn't watch the Super Bowl this year, but I like watching the Oscars and I think that most host do a pretty good job. Occasionally it doesn't work. It's a tough gig. But this year I've got to say what - "12 Years of Slave" for the picture. McConaughey and Jared Leto for "Dallas Buyers' Club" in the men's acting. On the other side, Cate Blanchett and Jennifer Lawrence, so I think it's a "Wonder Kin." And on the director I would give it to the Alfonso Cuaron because that must have been an incredible job putting "Gravity" together and a couple of minor issues I would say the best animated would be "The Life of Julia" cartoon put together about the helplessness of American women by the Obama administration last year. And best score I would say Rob Ford in "Suburban," Toronto.
O'REILLY: Best score. Now, I agree with you on all of them except best supporting actor. I don't think Ms. Lawrence will win as good as she was. I think it will be the actress from "12 Years of Slave" will win that category.
MILLER: Well, we've got a bet.
O'REILLY: So, let's see.
MILLER: We've got a bet.
O'REILLY: That's right. And Miller ...
MILLER: You've been watching the Olympics, Billy?
O'REILLY: Yeah, a little bit. I watched them because I want to see Bode Miller cry. That's why I watch them.
MILLER: Well, did you see - you know who is crying the Russian hockey team. They lost in a quarter of ... (CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: Out of there. Out of there. Finland?
MILLER: I think most of the guys on the team are going to be in Siberia. But I do think the goalie saved himself. Did you see his goalie mask? Look at this goalie mask? This guy ...
O'REILLY: (INAUDIBLE)
(LAUGHTER)
MILLER: He painted it to look like Putin. I think he will be safe!
(LAUGHTER)
O'REILLY: You know what, Putin? That hockey team is never going to be seen again. Believe me. They are going to be on assignment somewhere. But Finland gets revenge. Finland. All right, Miller.


