

O'REILLY: Continuing now with our lead story -- the spread of Ebola in the USA. A new Fox News poll asked should the USA ban flights from countries where the Ebola virus had broken out: 60 percent yes; 35 percent no. Also is the government hiding information about Ebola: 46 percent yes; 46 percent no.
Joining us now from Dallas, the legendary Glenn Beck who now lives north of that city. What's your assessment?
GLENN BECK, FOUNDER & CEO, THE BLAZE: I think this is crazy. I mean you hit it nail right on the head, Bill with your last guest, the Congressman and your "Talking Points" memo -- sight spot on. Their policies make absolutely no sense whatsoever for them to say they are not going to -- they are not going to stop flights doesn't make any sense.
We can help people by flying people in, but a quarantine is necessary. This has been -- this has happened from the beginning of time. Everybody knows you quarantine. This idea that the nurse that now has ebola and now is in the hospital that she flew on Frontier Airlines to Cleveland and back.
O'REILLY: Yes -- and back.
BECK: And now they are looking for -- they've grounded the plane. They are looking for the other people that were on the plane and here is the most insane thing, Bill. They are now saying that they are going to stop - - they're going to stop people from flying. Those people can't fly anymore. And if you have been around Ebola you can't fly anymore.
So they are banning our citizens from flying but they won't ban foreigners from flying into our country. It's madness.
O'REILLY: It is and it's all built around political correctness.
BECK: Yes it is.
O'REILLY: That's what this is all about.
BECK: Yes it is. And arrogance.
O'REILLY: Derelict of leadership.
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: The President farms it out to this Frieden and somebody is telling Frieden what to do. He must know he looks like a ridiculous --
BECK: No I don't think so, Bill.
O'REILLY: He wouldn't come on ‘The Factor’, Beck. We asked him on and he wouldn't come on here and he has to know that I would have carved him up and that's why he didn't come on.
BECK: Well here's the thing -- here's the thing. I mean he's easy to carve up. He did his token last night. He talked to one of us, fortunately it was Megyn and she, you know, carved him up as well. But all of us can expose this guy. But you don't need to work very hard. It doesn't make any sense whatsoever.
Bill I'm living here in Texas. I am 11 miles away from the hospital. We have four employees that live -- two of them live in that complex. Two of them live a block away from that complex where that nurse was.
Now they haven't had any exposure to this. But quite honestly I have several employees, I have 310 employees. Several employees have said to me today, what do we do? Should they be here? Should they not be here? A, nothing to worry about at this point; B, I don't know what to do.
Tonight, I mean I actually -- I feel like I'm on the set of "The Sopranos", can you open up a bit? Tonight we have the whole set wrapped because I'm going to show you exactly how easy what these guys did and how they wrapped themselves and how easy it is to be tainted with the Ebola virus. Nobody is paying attention to this and we don't know what we're dealing with every single person that gets it mutates and it changes. Danger, real danger.
The President should be cautious: safety first but we are doing political correctness first.
O'REILLY: That's right. I mean in France and Great Britain got on it right away. I don't know if they are denying visas and passports. They should be over there.
BECK: There is nothing wrong with quarantine. There's nothing wrong. If you want to come to America come to America. That's great 21 days, 25 days in quarantine. That's what Ellis Island was for. We have done this before.
O'REILLY: And there is no compelling reason, by the way, all right, for us not to have this ban because, with technology, I'm talking to Beck from New York.
BECK: Listen to what -- listen to what the President just said or what his people are saying. It will hurt their economy. Did you see the stock market today? That's with two people that are in a hospital right now with Ebola. It dropped almost 400 points. What are you talking?
O'REILLY: At one point it came back a little bit. We are going to do that in a little while. But you're absolutely right with technology.
BECK: How about our economy?
O'REILLY: You know look if somebody has a relative who dies in the United States and they are over there ok. You know they would have to go through a procedure and they'd have to be examined before they get in there can be waivers. But just -- there is no compelling reason not to do this.
BECK: Listen here is some no this, I have no idea. I think this is mass incompetence and arrogance. But let me just ask you this question. If this were happening in Washington, D.C. right now, do you think the President and his administration would be acting like this? Do you think the Congress would be acting like this?
This is happening in Dallas, Texas. This is a top ten city in the United States of America. It happens to be one that doesn't particularly care for the President all that much and his policies, one that the President has not been too favorable on. We are already being squeezed on our southern border. Now we are being squeezed by Ebola. Is there an agenda here? Is that possible reason because I can't -- I can't figure out any other reason.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: I don't think that, I just think it's -- I just think he's in over his head. Now are you buying that?
BECK: Bill that is dangerous levels and let me tell you something. You are exactly right you said it in your "Talking Points" you're exactly right. Our southern border is so porous right now. We have cartel killings in South Lake Texas for the love of Pete. The cartels are here. Do you think if people think they can get a cure here and get America --
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: No doubt about it, Kelley told the truth.
BECK: They're coming across this border.
O'REILLY: And he's the big -- he's the general in charge of the southern command.
BECK: It's crazy.
O'REILLY: Real quick, real quick. Are you buying this poor guy Mukpo who is now being treated for Ebola a freelance NBC cameraman; he's now in Nebraska. He says he got it by washing car. Are you buying that?
BECK: I don't know what to buy anymore, Bill. I don't think so. But I don't know.
O'REILLY: How many cameraman go to Liberia and wash cars, Beck.
BECK: It's NBC News -- probably all of them instead of actually tracking down sources for their story.
O'REILLY: All right. There is Beck, everybody and his new book "Dreamers and Deceivers: true stories of the heroes and villains who made America" will be released on October 28th just in time for Halloween.


