By Bill O'Reilly
This man, Afghan President Hamid Karzai, doing everything he can to humiliate the USA and destroy his own country. Today Karzai ordered the release of 65 captured Taliban terrorists who were supposed to be tried for crimes against civilians in their own country.
These killers have also been linked to the deaths of 32 Americans and allied troops, according to the U.S. command. Right now there are about 38,000 Americans in Afghanistan and there's little doubt the men released today will kill them if they can. But Karzai doesn't care.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HAMID KARZAI, PRESIDENT OF AFGHANISTAN: Afghanistan is a sovereign country. If the Afghan judicial authorities decide to release a prisoner, it is of no concern to the U.S. and should be of no concern to the U.S. And I hope that the United States will stop harassing Afghanistan's procedures and judicial authority. And I hope that the United States will now begin to respect Afghan sovereignty.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Karzai is simply a despicable person. "Talking Points" is not Monday morning quarterback but I can tell you what I would do if I were President and Commander-in-Chief. I would have U.S. Special Forces deal with those released terrorists, quietly and effectively.
The U.S. embassy in Kabul has issued a statement calling the release "regrettable". What's really regrettable is how the entire Afghan campaign is falling apart. For 13 years America has tried to stabilize that country, giving Afghans freedom and hope for a better life. Women have been freed from virtual slavery, children are being educated and Karzai spits -- spits in our collective face.
So far the Afghan war has cost the U.S. taxpayer about $750 billion more than 2,000 Americans have been killed there, almost 20,000 wounded. There comes a point when diplomacy just doesn't cut it.
Karzai himself has been lenient on heroin merchants, has overseen a corrupt government that's stealing billions and is now putting coalition forces in danger. He's supposed to leave office next summer but in the meantime will not sign a security agreement with the USA that would protect his own people from the Taliban which will surely try to retake that country once we leave.
President Obama is faced with a very difficult situation over there. But he needs to impose some power simply in order to protect the Americans he's directly responsible for, the guys and gals over there now.
As for Karzai, he's a villain who should be tried for corruption in the Hague. And that's "The Memo."

