By Bill O'Reilly
As the President gets set to mark the 70th anniversary of the D-Day invasion in France tomorrow, he is under withering fire here at home. The deal he maybe trade one captive American Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl for five Taliban war criminals has raised questions about his judgment and leadership.
However, the President remains defiant.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: We have a basic principle we do not leave anybody wearing the American uniform behind. We had a prisoner of war whose health had deteriorated and we were deeply concerned about and we saw an opportunity and we seized it and I make no apologies for that.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now a brand new Fox News poll delivered some bad news to Mr. Obama. When asked if you approve or disapprove of the Taliban swap, 45 percent approve; 47 percent disapprove.
However, when asked if you are concerned that negotiation with terror groups will encourage those groups to take more soldiers hostage, 57 percent say they are very concerned; 27 somewhat concerned; seven percent not very; eight percent not at all.
Next question: Do you think the Obama administration has made America stronger or weaker; 35 percent stronger; 55 percent weaker. Poll continues: Do you think the Obama administration is more or less competent than the George W. Bush administration? More competent, 42 percent; less competent, 48 percent.
And finally, do you approve or disapprove of the job Barack Obama is doing as president: 40 percent approve; 54 percent disapprove. Those are bad numbers. No question.
So the spin begins. The President's acolytes in the media are saying it's simple prisoner of war swap. That happens in every conflict. But that is fallacious. The five men released from Gitmo are war criminals -- brutal men who target civilians.
How bad is the Taliban? Listen up. June, 2013, the terrorist group beheaded a 10-year-old boy and a 16-year-old boy on charges they were spies. April 2013, the Taliban amputated a hand and foot of two private security guards because they associated with foreign troops. October 2012 the Taliban shoots and nearly kills a 15-year-old Pakistani girl because she supports education for women. August 2012, Taliban killers behead 17 people, including two women for attending a mixed gender party.
I could go on and on. The atrocities never end with this crew the Taliban is not legitimate nation or a legitimate army. They're terrorists, they torture and kill civilians. Are we all getting this? You don't free five war criminals even if the life of the American soldier is on the line. "Talking Points" understands honest people disagree with that statement. But if you want to win the war on terror, you simply can cannot appear weak. And interesting aside, the Daily Beast Web site reporting that Hillary Clinton did not want to release the five Taliban killers in past negotiations. Gee, I wonder who leaked that today? And many Democratic politicians are running now, running away from the Obama administration.
One final note as we will demonstrate once again on The Factor tonight Sergeant Bergdahl and is father appear to be Taliban sympathizers, at least they were at one time. That's what the evidence says. And in light of what the Taliban really is that's troubling, however and this is important. Talking Points believes that Sergeant Bergdahl and his father should be given the benefit of every doubt. But when there is no doubt judgment have to be made. As for President Obama the initial judgment is in. Public opinion has turned against him big time.
And that's "The Memo."

