As we have predicted, President Obama will have enough votes in the Senate to override a congressional veto of the nuke deal he wants to make with Iran. Although some Democratic senators oppose it, at least 34 will follow the President and that's all he needs.
Today Secretary of State John Kerry said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KERRY: Critics tell us over and over again you can't trust Iran. Well, guess what? There is not a single sentence, not a single paragraph in this whole agreement that depends on promises or trust -- not one. The arrangement that we worked out with Tehran is based exclusively on verification and proof.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, Mr. Kerry is misleading us a bit. Yes, the international atomic energy agency has the right to visit suspicious sites in Iran. However, the Iranians have 24 days to allow such a visit. More than enough time to get rid of incriminating evidence or pollute the site.
There are also a whole bunch of other things in the deal that will make it difficult to catch Iran if it decides to cheat. But the real bottom line is that the deal helps Iran and doesn't help the U.S.A. or our allies. Everybody knows Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism and is destabilizing the Middle East. Everybody knows that. It will now have more money, weapons and power to continue doing it.
So what does America get? What does Great Britain get? What does France get? The answer is no war -- at least in the short-term. And that is the reason this nuke deal will go through. The Western powers do not want another war in the wake of Iraq and Afghanistan.
No sane person thinks this Iranian nuke deal benefits the West. It doesn't. A recent poll conducted by Quinnipiac asked the voters do you support or oppose the nuclear deal with Iran, 55 percent oppose, 25 percent support. Fox News poll asks do you trust Iran to honor the nuke agreement: 75 percent no, 18 percent yes. So you can see the folks get it.
Talking Points understands the gravity of the situation and wishes President Obama would simply tell us the truth. The deal is to avoid war - - period. Nothing else.
And that's “The Memo”.

