
O'REILLY: "Back of the Book" segment tonight. The Department of Defense saying, the bible, the constitution and the declaration of independence all foster sexism. The DOD telling The Factor, they are offering a voluntary sexism learning course to more than 2,000 federal employees have already taken. In that course instructors tell the students there is sexism in the bible, the declaration and the constitution.
Joining us now from Las Vegas Laura Ingraham who has analyzed what is going on. All right. Let's take the declaration first. I guess all men are created equal, that's the sexist part?
LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes. They hang it on the word men. And I think we have to step back, Bill, a little bit on this. And you have talked about this before the sensitivity training that the began a few years back, at the beginning of the Obama administration and the military, that was the beginning of the main lining of this fanaticism of the secular progressives within our military. They burrowed into education. We know that. They have burrowed their way into Hollywood. They have been inhabiting that terrain for a long time. But this is a new foray for them into our military, you know, units and military education. And it's very interesting about this is that after this was exposed by the Daily Caller, they pulled this down from the internet, these online course offerings and they said well, we're going to be revisiting this as we do frequently when we offer these types of course.
O'REILLY: Right. When we get caught.
INGRAHAM: Clockwork, you know, this is moon bat stuff.
O'REILLY: Let me play devil's advocate here.
INGRAHAM: Okay.
O'REILLY: Because I do think this is stupid. I really do.
INGRAHAM: Yes.
O'REILLY: I mean, it's a waste of taxpayer money, it's foolish in every way. If you don't understand the culture of the times, the declaration was written in constitutional.
INGRAHAM: How about the beauty of the document. The beauty and grandeur.
O'REILLY: And the bible, if you don't understand the times, then there is nothing we can do to help you.
INGRAHAM: Right.
O'REILLY: But, there is a problem with women in the military, women in police agencies, where it's a relatively new phenomenon that women would be giving these kinds of responsibilities, growing responsibilities in these bodies and it has to be taught or suggested that women be treated the same way that men are treated.
INGRAHAM: Oh, that's fine. Yes, that's fine. Yes.
O'REILLY: It has to be, right?
INGRAHAM: Absolutely, that's fine. But that's quite a leap from saying, the bible is sexist or the bible has sexist underpinnings. And I'll go back to, you know, the mother of God, Mary, the mother of God. She gave birth to our redeemer, if we're Christians we believe that at the foot of the cross. Eve came out of, you know, Adam's rib, but Adam came out of dirt. Okay. So, the idea that oh, this is a bunch of sexist stuff and women are supposed to be, you know, only subservient to men and they're going to take our view of what subservient means and apply it to the time and think it's all the same, they're just ludicrous. And more importantly, Bill, think of what this does to our military men and women --
O'REILLY: But there is a volunteer though to take the course. They're not force to take.
INGRAHAM: Yes. But, you know, there's going to be a lot of pressure, Bill. If you don't norm yourself into these courses, who knows? Maybe in a new world, you're not going to be up for a particular promotion or you won't be considered particularly, you know --
O'REILLY: I just think it's a colossal waste of time.
INGRAHAM: I wouldn't just blow it off. Yes, but I wouldn't just blow it off as insignificant because I think there's a pile on on stuff like this, right? And we kind of laugh at it, because you and I think it's stupid, as most of the Factor listeners will think it's idiotic, but I also think there's something more here, I think it perpetual undermining of our founders, our framer, our founding documents for what purpose.
O'REILLY: Well, the purpose is that to -- no, and that's a very good question. But I can tell you what the purpose is, and they're well on down the road on it -- new world, okay, of secular progressivism, whereby there is no white privilege, no male dominance, we're all the same, we all have the same thing.
INGRAHAM: Right. None of us has prevented any of those documents --
O'REILLY: No. But that's the underlying principle --
(CROSSTALK)
INGRAHAM: -- to a perfect union.
O'REILLY: That's the underlying principle of getting this stuff out there.
INGRAHAM: Yes. You notice I never focus on the Koran, Bill. They always go right to the bible. Right?
O'REILLY: Yes. But we're not a Muslim nation, they wouldn't bring in the Koran, because 80 percent of Americans call themselves Christians, so they're going to go to that.
INGRAHAM: Yes. We're encouraging all faiths and introspection right of all of our background. So, let's spread around this secular progressives thinking to all faiths. Okay? It always hammering the Christians on this one. But it doesn't really --
O'REILLY: That's true. Maybe, we can talk about the tenets of Islam and conjunction with sexism. And perhaps point out and in Saudi Arabia, women aren't allowed to drive cars.
INGRAHAM: Yes. All of this should be out of the military.
O'REILLY: That's absolutely right.
INGRAHAM: There shouldn't be any conversation about this. And I want to know how much money in the Defense Department budget goes to these wacky moon bad ideas, Bill. I'd love to know that fact and defund that amount.
O'REILLY: All right. Laura Ingraham everybody.


