
O'REILLY: "Personal Story" segment tonight. Last week in Washington, there was a hearing in front of the House Committee where families who have been victimized by violent illegal aliens got to tell their stories.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JAMIEL SHAW, SR., SON KILLED BY ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT: My family's peace and freedom were stolen by an illegal alien from Mexico. He was brought here by his illegal alien parents and allowed to grow up as a wild animal. Do black lives really matter? Or does it matter only if you are shot by a white person or a white policeman?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Joining us now from Los Angeles is Jamiel Shaw and from Phoenix, Arizona Steve Ronnebeck whose 21-year-old son shot dead by illegal alien in January. Mr. Shaw, begin with you. That was very impassioned statement you made in front of the Congress people. What kind of reaction you have gotten?
SHAW: Thank you. A lot. A lot of phone calls. Emails, letters. You know, but mostly nationally, locally, you know, they didn't cover it. They don't even know why the people know what's going on.
O'REILLY: You are right. It gets very very -- criminal illegal aliens get very little coverage on the national level. When your 17-year- old son was killed -- what did you find out about the killer? What did you find out about him?
SHAW: That he was brought into the country at four-years-old by his illegal parents. And that he had extensive criminal background. He was on his third gun charge when he murdered my son. He was out of jail only one day and he was ordered by the Latino shock collar, gang shock collar to murder blacks when they get out of jail. He was looking for someone black to kill and he was in my neighborhood and he saw my son walking down the street, any moment he murdered him just because --
O'REILLY: He was a maniac. But, you know, that situation where he was four-years-old when he came. That's the Dream Act. I mean, he's going to be legalized. Now he is not. He is going to be in prison by the rest of his life by President Obama. But that could have been an American that did that. You know about the violence in Los Angeles in Chicago, it could have been an American on that.
SHAW: Yes.
O'REILLY: But your beef with the federal government is what?
SHAW: That they're not securing the border, they're releasing these violent criminals into our community and they're telling them that's their -- these are the ones that they want to go after. And then when we sign up where or you know, try to back them what they're doing, then you see the Homeland Security (INAUDIBLE) in Congress, and they say they want to do something else. And then they go and they find the same people who are murdering us.
O'REILLY: All right. So, you want more of a crackdown on the border so that we stop this kind of flow in.
Mr. Ronnebeck, your son, 21-years-old gunned down in Phoenix, Arizona, what did you learn about his killer?
STEVE RONNEBECK, SON KILLED, ALLEGEDLY BY ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT: He had been released by ICE, he was a violent offender, he was from what I know is, he had actually committed a sex crime and committed a burglary, they pled it down to a simple burglary. He never did any time. He was released. He was supposed to be on probation. And about the time that his probation ended, he murdered my son.
O'REILLY: Okay. So he is an illegal alien. He is here. He has got an arrest record. But they don't, instead of deporting him right away, they kick him back out on the streets in Arizona and he murders your son. So what did you tell Congress about that?
RONNEBECK: Well, you know, my brother actually was the one who told Congress, it's just not acceptable. I mean, we're angry. We want to know why he was on the streets. Why did they let him go?
O'REILLY: Why do you think they let him go?
RONNEBECK: You know, I have no idea. I can't even answer that question. I don't know. It's mind boggling.
O'REILLY: So you don't really have a political opinion on illegal aliens committing violent crimes. You don't really haven't formed an opinion on it?
RONNEBECK: Not as of yet.
O'REILLY: Okay. But --
RONNEBECK: I'm learning more every day.
O'REILLY: -- certainly, Mr. Shaw, will you have formed an opinion on it and that would be?
SHAW: Yes. We are trying to enforce 1041. We are trying to get a bill passed 1041 that would let the FBI give statistics of what's going on in the city, the states, the federal government, the federal to enforce and to give everybody a statistics of what's going on. Where they are doing it, who is doing it.
O'REILLY: Sure, let's have a little sunshine. Okay. Now, one more question, Mr. Shaw. It may be unfair question to you. If it is, you don't have to answer it. If your son had been gunned down by a white police officer, you would have been on every program, every radio show, everything. But since it was an illegal alien that killed your son, as you said at the beginning of this interview unprompted, you didn't get any national coverage. What do you think about that?
SHAW: Yes. It's disrespectful. Because they say black lives matter. But it only matters if you are killed by a whites or white police. My son had going to the corner, my son was laying on the ground after he was shot in the stomach with his hands up. And he shot him through his hands into his head and killed him and the so-called black politicians, the black leaders, the athletes, they don't care about that. Because he was killed by a Latino person.
O'REILLY: Yes. We haven't seen any --
SHAW: But like I say, if he would have been white.
O'REILLY: Right. We haven't seen any NBA players with your son's picture on it.
SHAW: No.
O'REILLY: I must say Mr. Shawn, I want to say this me to you, okay, man to man. Your son was a really good kid. I mean he was really a good kid with a very bright future and I just can't imagine the pain you're going through. So if we can do anything for you and you Mr. Ronnebeck you let us know. You are right. You are both right. We have got to stop this madness and we have to stop it now. Thanks for coming on.
SHAW: Thank you.
RONNEBECK: Thanks for having me.


