Former secretary of state testified for hours today in a politically charged house hearing about hers responsibility in the assassinations of American ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens and three other Americans.
Here are the headlines. Mrs. Clinton does not believe she did anything wrong. The Democrats on the committee do not believe she did anything wrong.
It has now been proved beyond a reasonable doubt that shortly after the attack on September 11th, 2012 Hillary Clinton believed it was an organized terror attack. She mentioned the words al Qaeda-like to her family.
Nevertheless, she went along with the Obama administration's false narrative that the murders were ignited by an inflammatory videotape.
Most of the testimony today was numbing, almost impossible to sit through. But there were two nuggets. First: how Mrs. Clinton herself sees the situation.
CLINTON: Those requests and issues related to security were rightly handled by the security professionals in the department. I did not see them. I did not approve them. I did not deny them. These issues would not ordinarily come before the secretary of state and they did not in this case.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So there you have it. Not my job. Not my job. As head of the State Department I left it to others to protect Americans in dangerous places overseas. But these security people, as Mrs. Clinton calls them, failed to protect Ambassador Stevens despite being warned time after time that more security was need.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. MIKE POMPEO (R), KANSAS: Why has no one been held accountable? How come not a single person lost a single paycheck connected to the fact that we had the first ambassador killed since 1979?
CLINTON: It is my position that in the absence of finding dereliction or breach of duty there could not be immediate action.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Immediate action? There wasn't any action ever. No one in Hillary Clinton's State Department was held responsible for the debacle in Benghazi -- no one.
And that's likely to be the end of the story except for one thing. Hillary Clinton is running for president. So now we the people have to decide whether she is a leader we can trust. Millions of Democrats have already made that decision as have millions of Republicans. There's no question Mrs. Clinton is loved and loathed to a startling degree in this country.
America needs a strong leader so we can regain economic momentum here and reverse the weakness that is on display throughout the world. That is what the next election is really all about. Yes, issues are important. But vision, vision is more important.
Hillary Clinton believes she did the right thing as secretary of state, all throughout her tenure. All the committees in the world -- not going to change her opinion of herself. My condolences once again to those Americans serving their country who were killed in Benghazi. It should never have happened. We were warned.
And that's “The Memo”.

