It was quite clear last November that the country had lost confidence in President Obama's leadership and the policies of the Democratic Party in general. In the House of representatives there are now 246 Republicans, 188 Democrats. In the Senate there are 54 Republicans, 44 Democrats, two Independents who lean Republican.
So Republicans have a huge opportunity to pass legislation that would improve the lives of Americans. Currently there are three very simple situations that need to be confronted.
First the defunding of Planned Parenthood until a federal investigation into their selling of baby body parts is completed.
Second, passing of Kate's Law which would mandate aggravated felon illegal aliens who defy deportation be sentenced to a minimum of five years in a federal penitentiary.
And third that sanctuary cities would lose federal funding.
Simple and direct proposed laws that I believe a majority of Americans would support. No surprise, they are opposed by many Democrats.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA), MINORITY LEADER: I support the sanctuary. We have this terrible case and our hearts and prayers go out to the family. But in terms of the question, which was the bill about mandatory minimums we also say that if we had passed a comprehensive immigration reform, which is the answer to many of the questions that you may ask on this subject, then we'd be in a better place.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Hard to believe despite Mrs. Pelosi's opinion, the House did pass legislation that would defund sanctuary cities last week. Now it's up to the Senate.
The question tonight, will Republicans in the Senate do the right thing and stand up for justice? If they don't, I believe the American people will turn against the GOP. The Senate and the House will soon embark on vacation until September 8th. So quick action would be good.
Senate Majority Leader McConnell's office tells The Factor the Senate will vote next week on legislation to defund Planned Parenthood. That's an important vote in light of the horrific videos the nation has seen over the past month or so.
On the sanctuary city front as we reported last night 62 percent of Americans in a Rasmussen poll say they disapprove of cities and municipalities defying the feds on immigration law.
Talking Points believes an overwhelming majority of Americans support Kate's Law as well. I've asked Fox News to do a poll on Kate's Law. We should have the results next week.
So summing up, if the Republican Party does the right thing, Americans will take notice even if the President and the Democratic Party sabotage the legislation, which is likely. But if the GOPers do not stand up, don't do anything on these three vital issues, the party may lose all credibility.
And that's “The Memo”.

