
O'REILLY: Continuing now with Donald Trump's quest to become president. Last Saturday in Georgia he said this when asked about his popularity.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
TRUMP: Personally, what's the secret of my popularity? Honestly? It's my looks.
It's true. I'm very handsome. That's the only thing I can think of right now.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Rejoining us now from his headquarters in New York City Donald Trump. That's from the Joe Namath playbook, is it not?
TRUMP: Well, we are just having fun. The question was asked "why are you doing so well" and I just thought that would be fun. Every once in a while we can have a little bit of fun.
O'REILLY: I loved it. I think that's what separates from you the other people.
Now, Ben Carson the latest Fox News poll out yesterday, he is right on your heels. I think it's 24, 23 you are beating him. Would you vote for Ben Carson for president if you weren't in the race? Would you support him?
TRUMP: Yes, I would. Yes, I would. Good man. He has been very nice to me -- very respectful and nice. And I have also been very nice to him. We have so far gotten along very well. Every once in a while I want him to say something bad so I can go after him but he has been so nice I can't do that -- very hard.
O'REILLY: If it comes down to, after the CNBC debate in a couple of weeks the field is going to winnow. I'm not going to say who I think is going to be in the top five but it will probably five guys and Carly Fiorina. I think she'll make the cut. Then, it will become more back and forth because you have to best your competitors.
So what's Ben Carson's weakness?
TRUMP: Well, it's the lack of experience. He is experienced in certain things but certainly in terms of negotiating with China and all of these countries that have been ripping are us off for so many years, they are just ripping us so badly you have no idea -- you have no idea even, Bill.
And I am the best at that. I deal with them all the time. I have beaten them so many times in terms of private enterprise. Right upstairs we have people, the biggest banks in the world in this building from China. That's what I do. I mean I do that. That's what I do for a living. And I do both --
O'REILLY: All right. So it's inexperience --
TRUMP: -- and Ben doesn't have that kind of experience.
O'REILLY: Ok.
TRUMP: And by the way unless you turn things around from a trade standpoint and all of those deals, this country is going to go down, Bill, because we are losing a fortune.
O'REILLY: Your unfavorable rating is high -- highest of all the Republican candidates, about 50 percent in some polls. Do you have a plan to bring that down to make people like you more? Do you have a plan?
TRUMP: Well, I'm also number one in leadership by far by a factor of two and three if you saw that poll that just came out. And some people don't love me but I get the highest marks in leadership. I get by far the highest marks on the economy. You know, there is some pretty important categories when you go up to New Hampshire.
O'REILLY: No, I understand that. But just the people -- are you worried about the people who don't? Are you going to try to persuade them to like you? And if so how are you going to do that?
TRUMP: Well, every place I go where I spend time -- New Hampshire, Iowa, South Carolina -- you saw those polls come out today, they're phenomenal. Not only leading by 20 and 25 points but I do very well in favorability. So where they get to know me, where they come for speeches and we all get to know each other I do very well in favorability.
O'REILLY: All right. So it's retail politics is going to be able to do that.
TRUMP: I haven't been able to do that nationwide yet but that's happening. I think we will be able to do it. I think leadership is very important. I think the leadership poll is the most important to be honest and on that I'm double digits ahead of everyone else. In fact, two or three times in some cases ahead of everybody else. And I think leadership today is going to be really the most important thing.
O'REILLY: Ok. Now you are well aware that some people feel that you are an entertainer and not a serious candidate. "Saturday Night Live" has gotten you now signed on to come over to do a show in November. And the Hispanics are real mad now at NBC. They don't want you to host the show. Any reaction to that?
TRUMP: No reaction at all. I just -- I think you saw the poll in Nevada where I'm leading with Hispanics. I'm doing very well with Hispanics. I think I will win with Hispanics which will surprise a lot of people. But I think I'm going to end up winning.
O'REILLY: What makes you feel that way? What about your message is going to make Hispanic-Americans vote for you?
TRUMP: Because I'm bringing back jobs to this country --
O'REILLY: Jobs -- ok.
TRUMP: I'm taking it away from China and Japan --
O'REILLY: Got it.
TRUMP: And everybody else. And they know -- plus, I have tens of thousand over the years of Hispanics -- Mexicans, Hispanics working for me. I have thousands of them right now working for me. And believe me, they like me a lot. They are doing great. They are making great salaries. They like me very much.
And, you know, the radio host in New York, the Hispanic -- they say they really like Trump.
O'REILLY: Muy bien.
TRUMP: And I think I'm going to win that vote.
O'REILLY: El Trump, muy bien.
TRUMP: Yes, right.
O'REILLY: "Saturday Night Live", what if they start mocking you? You know, they're definitely going to do the hair deal. If I were you I would wear your hat on that show, the whole show so they couldn't get the hair.
TRUMP: Well, you know, I actually hosted it 10 years ago and Lorne Michaels called me up the other day. He said I'd love to have you host and I agreed to it because it's an honor. I did "60 Minutes" last week -- that was an honor. My stable mate was Vladimir Putin and we did very well.
O'REILLY: Yes.
TRUMP: That was the highest rating in a long time. I think "Saturday Night Live" will be a lot of fun, Bill.
O'REILLY: But never forget, the biggest honor in your life is being on THE FACTOR. Can't forget that.
TRUMP: That is true. There's no question about it.
O'REILLY: All right.
TRUMP: Number one. That's true.
O'REILLY: Donald Trump -- everyone. Thank you very much as always.


