Some Americans are dismayed about all the personal insults being used in the republican campaigns. Well, we will see if that happens again tonight in the debate.
There is no question, however, that Donald Trump supporters expect him to be an avenger. A man who will go on the attack if he believes it is necessary. But, that does not hold true for the other candidates and the best example is Marco Rubio.
After being soundly defeated on Tuesday, Senator Rubio is holding a last stand in his home state of Florida. His poll numbers are down and some analysts believe it's because he used personal invective against Donald Trump.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. MARCO RUBIO, (R-FL) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: He is making fun of me for wearing makeup. So, how can it be, how can a person with the worst spray tan in America.
(LAUGHTER)
Attack me for wearing on -- Twitter. Attack me on twitter for wearing makeup. The other night he was worried about the lines around the state. Remember that? What he needs to be worried about is the lines around his eyes from this horrible spray tan.
(LAUGHTER)
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, after last week's debate in Detroit, I asked Senator Rubio about the insults.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Do you regret the school boy stuff with Trump, you know, the wet pants business and all that? Do you regret it?
SEN. RUBIO: You know, it is not -- I don't regret it in the sense that --
O'REILLY: No?
SEN. RUBIO: No. I will tell you why, because if anyone deserves to be hit for that, it's him. He merely spent a year doing that.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now was before the Tuesday vote, of course. And, now, Mr. Rubio has changed his opinion. He says he will not use personal attacks any longer.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. RUBIO: If that is what it takes to become President of the United States, then I don't want to be president. I don't think that's what it takes to be president. In fact, I know it's not what it takes. It's not what we want from our next president. And, if I had to do it again, I would have done that part differently, but not about the stuff about his record on business.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: I got a letter from James Sanford who does live in Florida, saying that Rubio lost her support, quote, "When he jumped in the gutter with Trump," unquote. "Talking Points" believes that sometimes, you have to fight fire with invective but context matters.
Ted Cruz will use some personal stuff but it is mostly around issues and behavior. John Kasich does not do it at all. American voters vary in this arena. Mr. Donald Trump has gained support for his scorched-earth approach, but he also has alienated many folks; thus, his high unfavorable ratings in the polls.
Trump, himself, on phased by that believing his approach has stifled his competition and will put Hillary Clinton on the defensive. But, a guy like Marco Rubio, a more traditional politician, apparently can't get away with flamboyant attacks as Trump has in bullying voters.
It didn't work for Jeb Bush either. Although, the governor's heart was never really in the personal attack mode. Summing up totally unique primary campaign, where traditional rules do not seem to apply at least on the G.O.P. side. For the democrats, pretty much politics as usual.
And, that's “The Memo”.

