This is a partial transcript from The O'Reilly Factor, September 2, 2003. Watch The O'Reilly Factor weeknights at 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. ET and listen to the Radio Factor!
BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the Impact segment tonight, a major embarrassment for the Wal-Mart (search) Company. It has pulled a book called Varieties of Man-Boy Love off its Web site. That book was published by the revolting NAMBLA (search) organization.
The company says, "We offer more than 500,000 books on our Web site. We do our best to screen for books that would be objectionable to our customers, and when they're brought to our attention, we make a judgment call about whether to carry them or remove them."
Joining us now from Seattle is Art Moore, journalist of worldnetdaily.com who broke the story.
Now to be fair to Wal-Mart, the company's always been, I think, pretty consumer friendly. I mean, they put warning labels. They're not a company that's trying to ram pernicious products down anybody's throat. I like the Wal-Mart Company. I think they're a good company. And here they say this just fell through the cracks. Are you buying that?
ART MOORE, WORLDNETDAILY.COM: Well, you know, the interesting thing is that I came across this story, actually, when doing a follow-up on a story I'd done about a year ago about Amazon.com. And Amazon actually had this book on their Web site four years ago and dropped it. And they dropped it after extensive protests by grassroots groups.
So it's pretty surprising, you know, that, after all that publicity, it shows up on family-friendly Wal-Mart. You know, Sam Walton is a retailer, as you mentioned, that won't sell music CDs that have bad words, so it's pretty surprising to think that it would just fall through the cracks, but that was the explanation they gave to me, that...
O'REILLY: Well, I mean I don't know if it's surprising. I mean you've got 500,000 books. You've got clerks running the Web site. You don't have Sam looking in on it. I mean he's not going through the Web site.
So I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt here. I am. They pulled it. It's gone, after your fine work in exposing it. This book should not be sold anywhere, OK. This is a book that encourages child rape.
Now, as you know, we have been in the forefront of trying to run this NAMBLA organization right off the continent, all right? Now there's a huge lawsuit in Massachusetts by the Curley family against NAMBLA because their son, Jeffrey, was killed by a NAMBLA member and raped.
MOORE: Right.
O'REILLY: Now they have, NAMBLA, a publishing house, it looks like. They're able to turn out this kind of garbage. Where is it? How do they operate?
MOORE: Well, we don't know exactly where it is. We do know that they have in Midtown Manhattan a post office box, and I've called a number that they have on their Web site.
In fact, they have a Web site that I think at one time was shut down.
O'REILLY: Yes, we shut it down. Is it up and running again?
MOORE: It is, yes. In fact, if you look at the address, it has a German URL on it, and so, obviously, they weren't able to do it from this country, but now when you...
There's a phone number you can call in Manhattan, and you get this, you know, friendly man who explains, you know, that we're not bad people, you know, we're simply people who are misunderstood, it's really society that doesn't understand, you know, what's right.
O'REILLY: Right. All right. But they've got to produce the books. They've to get the books out, and so they've got to have some kind of structure. Have you been able to penetrate that structure?
MOORE: Well, no, I haven't. I haven't done a lot of in-depth looking at NAMBLA, but, from what I've seen, there are a lot of other ancillary groups that are of the same mindset that are doing similar things.
In fact, Amazon is still selling a book that came out in the British press recently. There were some articles about it. And, you know, this guy has his Web site where he actually has a kind of a chat room where boy lovers, as he calls them, can come in and talk about, you know, what they do, and a lot of what they're talking about is how to avoid the law.
In fact, I looked at it today they were talking about what kind of cards you should get so that you can't be detected, and this one guy was saying, you know, much to my horror, I used this MCI card, and the guy was able to trace where the call came.
O'REILLY: Yes. I mean, look, we know that NAMBLA's whole game is to encourage child rape and then tell guys who do it how to get away with it.
That's why we say criminal organization. In Ohio, they prosecuted them under the RICO statute and won, and that's why the federal government should be driving them off the continent.
But it seems to me they're able to make the books, distribute the books, and people can find them, and that should stop.
Mr. Moore, thanks very much. We'll continue our investigation into this terrible organization, also.


