To watch "The Talking Points Memo" click here.
Hi. I'm Bill O'Reilly. Thank you for watching us tonight.
Is there an anti-Christian bias in the media? That is the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo .
Furious reaction to our report last night on Mel Gibson. The actor says he and his family are under attack by some media types. And he says it's because he is currently shooting a movie favorable to Jesus of Nazareth. We have not been able to confirm any press outlet that's looking to scrutinize Gibson. But The New York Post is reporting today that The New York Times may be involved.
The Factor has been able to confirm that a freelance writer visited Gibson's 85-year-old father under dubious circumstances. We are continuing to look into that.
Now, many Americans believe that the secular philosophy that some powerful editors embrace has led to a bias against Christianity. Since most Americans are Christians, there's a fear among some people that the philosophy of Jesus will intrude on public policy. Certainly, the issues of abortion, public education, and censorship are influenced by Christian thought, as is the death penalty.
Talking Points believe that, because Christians are in the majority, some in the press will use any excuse to cut them down. But if Mel Gibson's thesis is correct and there is an agenda to embarrass him because he is making a movie sympathetic to Jesus, now we have a serious situation on our hands.
The free press was set up in America to report accurately and to debate important issues. It was not set up to destroy individuals for their personal beliefs, religious or otherwise. Time and time again, we have seen the secular press applaud so-called art that insults religious icons and criticizes spirituality. Time and time again, we have read editorials that encourage the banishing of religious symbols in public places.
There is no question that a secular agenda is in play in many newsrooms. And Talking Points is fine with that, if you can believe it. If the paper or the TV networks view is that secularism is best for America, they have a right to that opinion, even if I think it's misguided and destructive to the country. And I do, because we have few moral boundaries left in America. You can pin that directly on secularism.
But the point here is that secular editors have no right to hurt people with whom they disagree. If Mel Gibson wants to glorify Jesus in a movie, applaud his effort and let the folks decide if they want to see it. But snooping around his elderly father, trying to dig up dirt, is despicable. And the news organization that publishes that kind of an article is going to have a major problem. Trust me on that.
And that's The Memo .
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day" ...
This reality TV thing is completely out of control, as you know, and here's the proof. One of the proposals floating around Hollywood is a series that would put a regular guy against Mike Tyson in the ring.
The "Rocky"-Lite scenario would be for the guy to train, da da da, and all that and then duke it out with this loon Tyson. Of course, Tyson could bite the guy's ear off, but that would probably make whoever buys the program happy.
Ridiculous that it's even been proposed. I wouldn't want to be in the same state as Tyson.

