To watch "The Talking Points Memo" in the Screening Room click here.
Hi.  I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thank you for watching us tonight.  An all white prom in Georgia.  That's the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo.
Over the weekend, some students at Taylor County High School in Butler, Georgia, held a whites only prom off campus to avoid civil rights problems.  We sent a camera crew to the event.  Predictably, none of the participants wanted to talk because they know it's wrong.  But they don't care.  And we will show you more of that video a little later on.
Here's the problem.  We should all be in this together.  After 9/11 and the Iraq war, it should be obvious that race is not a factor when it comes to the welfare of all Americans.  We are all in this together.
It is simply cruel, unfair and un-American to exclude any race from a school-driven social event.  Why would anybody want to do that at a high school that's half white and half black?  Why would anyone want to hold party that excludes their classmates based upon the color of their skin?  It's flat-out wrong.
But what's worse is the silence on the part of those Georgians who hold power and the parents of these white partygoers.  Where is their outrage?
Then there's Governor Sonny Purdue, whose press secretary told us he would not comment because there's nothing in it for him.  This is a brave guy, don't you think?  This is a real leader here.  Here you have the governor watching this embarrassing prom and failing to speak out publicly against it.  Why?  Because it might tee some people off.  Unfortunately, there are some people who still believe that excluding people over skin color is legitimate behavior.
So, let me make this crystal clear.  That private prom may be legal, but it is wrong.  The nations saw Americans of all colors die in Iraq and it didn't matter what color they were when they were fighting, did it?  But some high school kids in George want a prom that's all white, which is insulting to the those troops and what they fought for.
This is a disgrace.  And those kids, their parents and the governor of Georgia should be very, very ashamed.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
I want to congratulate our pal, Brit Hume, and the crew at Special Report for beating Larry King Live in the ratings during the month of April.  This is extraordinary because Brit is on three hours earlier than King, and the audience watching TV is much smaller at 6:00 p.m. Eastern Time.
We have nothing against Larry, he's a formidable competitor, but doing 18 hours a week on Laci Peterson might not be doing him much good.  In fact, it's ridiculous.

