To watch "The Talking Points Memo" in the Screening Room click here.
Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thank you for watching us tonight.  The Talking Points Memo this evening tracks the two most powerful Democrats in the country.
Well, your humble correspondent, me, was the lead item in Liz Smith's syndicated column today.  Said Ms. Smith, "She's a dangerous and ruthless woman.  This was FOX News Channel's Bill O'Reilly speaking of Senator Hillary Clinton the other night on Tim Russert's CNBC show.  Bill was their plugging his paperback best seller, The No Spin Zone.  I've known Bill for a long time and enjoyed my old pal's phoenix-like rise from the ashes of everyday media to super TV stardom.  Not that I always agree with him, but his energy and candor are refreshing.  At the CNBC session, he spoke coarsely about the demonizers and witch hunters who are after him.  I guess his own referring to Senator Clinton as ruthless and dangerous is not demonizing, just a healthy express of freedom of speech."
Boy, am I glad Ms. Smith wrote that column.  Because it gives me an opportunity to clarify a number of things.  First of all, there is a huge difference between fabricating stories, which the witch hunters do, and analyzing facts.  I back up my assertion that Mrs. Clinton is dangerous to the country and will play some of that interview with Tim Russert in the Back of the Book segment coming up so you can see how I back it up.  You'll also see that I provide context for my opinion.
As for the ruthless assertion, lots of people think I'm ruthless.  Hard to believe, I know.  And I'm get guessing Mrs. Clinton this is among them.  Again, this is my analysis of her behavior over the years, and you're welcome to agree or disagree.
Now the witch hunters and the demonizers do not base their assertion on facts.  They make them up or use out of context smears to destroy people's reputations.  I'll also back up that statement later on, as well.  So, please stick around.
As for Liz Smith, she is one of the few honest gossip writers, that's why her analysis deserves to be taken seriously.  Again, we'll have more on this in a few minutes.
But how seriously should we take Senator Tom Daschle, who yesterday applauded President Bush's handling of the Iraq war after slamming the President just before hostilities began.
Daschle's criticism caused his poll numbers to drop big, now he's trying to make amends.  In fact, he is saying even if weapons of mass destruction are not found in Iraq, the war was worth it because Saddam was so bad.  Quite a turn around for Mr. Daschle, who was against removing Saddam by force just weeks ago.
Now, maybe the senator has had an epiphany, and if so, I'd like to speak with him about it.  But maybe, just maybe, there's a new strategy in place on the democratic left.  That is, don't fight the power, get on board the war train now that things have worked out.  If so, it's probably good strategy, but there will also be the sincerity factor.
But like the ghost busters we're ready to believe you, Senator, but not before talking with you face to face about it.  How about it, Mr. Daschle?
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
No "Most Ridiculous Item" on May 2.

