Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thanks for watching us tonight.
The recall follies and more dishonesty in the media, that's the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo.  They are separate issues.
The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals will rehear the recall challenge next week, which means it'll most likely be overturned.  The court doesn't want to be  embarrassed again by being overturned in the Supreme Court.
Even Governor Davis, the subject of  the recall, now wants the vote on October 7.  And I firmly believe it will happen.
On another front, I am going to be very busy the next few weeks, touting my new book, Who's Looking Out for You?  I'll be appearing on Good Morning America, [The Tonight Show] "Jay Leno," The View, Imus in the Morning, Howard Stern -- that should be interesting -- Charlie Rose and many others.
If you're  not sick of me now, you will  be.  But the timing of this book is very important because of all the attacks on the FOX News channel.  Now I can answer those attacks.  Let me give you a stark example.
Writing in The Seattle Post Intelligencer, left wing columnist says Joel Connelly says, "Our culture is debased and stifled by Rupert Murdoch's media empire.  Where once there was [William] Buckley, now we see FOX loudmouth Bill O'Reilly shouting 'Shut up!  Shut up!' and 'I don't care what you think!' at the anti-war son of a World Trade Center victim..."
Wow, that sounds bad.  Doesn't it?  Sounds like I'm just the worst guy ever.  Well, here's the truth.  And Connelly knows the truth.  He's so blatantly dishonest, he would never write it.  The man involved is named Jeremy Glick.  We invited him on The Factor last February because he signed an advertisement  accusing the USA of being a terrorist country.
Here's what Glick said to us.  "Our current President now inherited a legacy from his father that's responsible for training militarily, economically, and situating geopolitically the parties involved in the alleged assassination and murder of my father and countless thousands of others."
Alleged assassination?  Glick was saying without a shred of evidence that  President Bush and Bush the elder were directly responsible for 9/11.  Now that kind of stuff is not only loony, it's defamation.  So I terminated the interview, after which Glick had to be escorted out of the building by FOX [News] security because of his demeanor.
The point here is that there are lies aplenty floating around the media.  Some of which fears and loathes this network.  In the past few weeks, writers in The Raleigh North Carolina News, The Oregonian, The Kansas City Star, The Hartford Courant, The Minneapolis Star-Tribune, and a bunch of other papers have libeled us, flat-out libeled us.  Of course, The New York Times is the worst offender.  Its behavior has been truly shocking.
Now once upon a time, I didn't buy into the elite liberal news slant.  I was a fool.  Some far left newspapers in this country are so dishonest, it makes me ill.  They can't win the debate.  They can't bring down our ratings.  So they have to deceive and defame.
I'm just very lucky I have a forum to get our side out.  Others in this country are not so fortunate.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
No "Most Ridiculous Item" on September 19. Catch our regular Friday feature "A Message for Bill" every Friday on The Factor.

