Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thanks for watching us tonight.
The ACLU strikes back.  That's the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo.  As you may know, if you watch The Factor, I believe the American Civil Liberties Union (search) is now being run by far left secularists who want to impose a political agenda on the USA.
At one time, the ACLU was looking out for us.  It is not any longer.  I point to the case in Pennsylvania, where a public school educator was fired for wearing a cross around her neck.  She sued, but the ACLU didn't help her.  She had to get other lawyers.  And she won.  Federal judge ordered her back to work with full compensation.
So where was the ACLU in this case?  The answer is they don't like that kind of freedom of expression.  So the woman was on her own.  Right now the ACLU is defending the North American Man Boy Love Association [NAMBLA] for free, saying that criminal outfit has a constitutional right to instruct adults on how to rape children.
The ACLU has filed suit against the Boy Scouts in San Diego.  And a federal judge has thrown them off city property because the word "God" is in their oath.  The ACLU has blocked the pledge of allegiance in Colorado because it contains the words "under God."  The list goes on and on.
Now once upon a time in America, freedom of speech covered saying the word God in public.  The ACLU now says you do not have the right to use spiritual references off private property.  This is a group that's protecting freedom of speech?  It's a joke.  So now the ACLU has signed up famous people to continue the laugh track.  Actors Richard Dreyfus (search), Al Pacino (search), Martin Sheen (search) and Kristin Davis (search) are all being used in commercials touting the benefits of the ACLU.
Ms. Davis has broken my heart.  I love her.  What are you doing, Kristen?  All Americans should realize that hiding behind the First Amendment to deny people true freedom of expression is dishonest and dangerous.  If the ACLU were to admit that they are a secular, far-left outfit, I'd have some respect for them, but they do not.
Let me give you one final example.  The ACLU is trying to stop the California recall on October 7, saying some voting machines are not up to speed.  But last November when Gray Davis was elected governor in California, the ACLU was fine with the election because it knew Davis would win.  The same machines are in place now, but they want to delay the vote hoping Davis will survive.
Hypocrisy?  Staggering.  And you should know about it.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
No "Most Ridiculous" on Friday, September 12. Watch video of our regular Friday feature, "A Message For Bill" here on The O'Reilly Factor Web site.

