Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thank you for watching us tonight.
A busy day.  We'll have the recall and the Bush at the U.N. story in a moment.  But first, who's looking out for you?  That's the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo.
If you don't know who wants you to succeed or who wants you to fail, your life's going to be tough, much tougher than it should be.  So I have written a new book called Who's Looking Out for You, which is being released today to address your life.
Now you guys have made me the poster boy for the American dream.  If I can succeed in the USA, anybody can with my personality.  And you made my success possible, so now it's payback time.
The book is divided into three sections.  First, your personal life.  Is your spouse looking out for you, your parents, your friends?  Hard questions, but those questions need to be answered.
Then external forces.  Which politicians have your best interests at heart?   Which media people?  How about organized religion?  I apply the no spin rules in evaluating those situations.
And finally -- and you guys who dislike me will love this -- I tell you about the foolish things I have done in my life because I couldn't tell who was looking out for me.  It's hard to know that.  It takes experience and mental discipline, and  I don't want you to make the same mistakes I made.
Who's Looking Out for You is a book designed to help people, not hurt people.  Obviously, I'm hoping we can make a statement to the character assassins and smear merchants that our methods here and message here reflect  the  true values that represent America.  So there you have it.  Who's Looking  Out for You is by far the most personal book I have written, and I hope you like it.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day."
Had a good time on Good Morning America with Charles Gibson.  He's a fair guy.
And then I went over to FOX & Friends this morning.  They were giving out Who's Looking Out for You? free outside.  Can you believe this?
And one guy wouldn't take it.  Watch this guy.  He wouldn't take it.  Look at this guy.  No, I don't want it.  It's free, you moron!
What an outrage, not that the guy wouldn't take it, that they're giving it away for nothing.
By the way, I'll be on The View tomorrow on ABC, so you might want to tape that.  It's always interesting with the ladies but never ridiculous.
He wouldn't even take it...!

