Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly. Thank you for watching us tonight.
The rights of children vis-a-vis sex, that is the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo. If you have any doubt that America is changing drastically, consider this. Six states and the District of Columbia currently have laws allowing your teenage daughter to have an abortion and not tell you. Think about the implications of that. Your young daughter has sex, gets pregnant, eliminates the fetus using a surgeon, and you have no clue.
It gets worse. The attorney general of Kansas is fighting the ACLU (search) over a sex case during which an 18-year-old boy had sex with a 14-year-old boy, a mentally disabled student. And this was the 18-year olds third conviction for sexual abuse. He got 17 years in prison.
Now the ACLU is arguing that because the conviction was based on a  homosexual act, the perpetrator got a harsher sentence and that is unconstitutional.
The state of Kansas says the ACLU's brief contains a frightening argument.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PHILL KLINE, KANSAS ATTY GENERAL: I'm saying in their legal brief, they make the legal argument it's a constitutional right for a 13-year-old to say, hey, I can have sex with whomever I want. That's also a direct assault on parental authority.
Now they make that argument. I think we're going to prevail, I hope, with the court.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, in just a few minutes, our highest legal authority, Judge Andrew Napolitano, will analyze the case for us. But remember, the ACLU is currently representing the North American Man-Boy Love Association free in a Massachusetts civil case.
The ACLU claiming NAMBLA has a constitutional right to encourage the rape of children without being penalized. 20 years ago, these kinds of court cases would have been unheard of in America. The entire country would have risen up and made it impossible for the ACLU to function.
No longer. Now we have movie stars like Al Pacino and Samuel Jackson doing commercials for the ACLU, which, by the way, asked for and was denied a gag order in the NAMBLA case. So much for free speech.
The USA is under siege by forces that want to change the country, no doubt about it, and make any judgments about private behavior, no matter how heinous, difficult. The ACLU's assault on religious discussion in public goes hand in hand with its libertine philosophy about what children can or can't do.
Every poll taken on social issues says the same thing. Americans overwhelmingly do not want a secular society. They do not want permissive laws allowing children to make adult decisions against the wishes of their parents.
But once again, we, the people, are being challenged by progressive judges and well-financed pressure groups like the ACLU. Thus the battle rages on.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day."
I want to use this time, once again, to thank all of you who are supporting my new book. It's Who's Looking Out for You? It will debut at number one on the New York Times bestseller list a week from Sunday. But much more importantly, the success of this book sends a powerful message to the character assassins and their enablers that many Americans deplore that tactic and want a book that's honest and constructive. Believe me when I tell you, many of the smear merchants are gnashing their teeth today. They are not looking out for you. The book is. And there's nothing ridiculous about that.
Also, many of you have already voted in the new billoreilly.com poll, what is the best TV news operation in America, excluding FOX News? We'll give you the results tomorrow.
In our segment last night on the Gallup religion poll was the highest rated by billoreilly.com premium members.

