Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thank you for watching us tonight.
Crunch time for Canada, that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo." Last night, we told you about  two American Army privates who deserted, fled to Canada, and are being hailed by heroes by some Canadian media.  The two have filed for asylum even though they are not entitled to it under Canadian law.  We said that if granted asylum, "Talking Points" would call for a boycott of Canadian goods and services by all Americans.
Well, that's caused all kinds of angst in Canada.  Thousands of letters have poured in.  And we will read some of them to you in our mail segment, but one caught my eye.
Paul in Kingston, Ontario writes, "I feel real anger towards Canadian media people who are so blatantly anti-American.  Please do not use my last name, I fear government reprisal."
More than a few Canadian e-mailers said the same thing.  They're afraid of their government if they dissent from the anti-American party line.
Since 9/11, the Canadian government has done the following.  Refused to crack down on known terrorist organizations.  Not one individual has been prosecuted for terrorist activities, even though U.S. intelligence has identified at least 50 pro-terror outfits operating north of the border.  Continued its loose immigration policies.  Is allowing Islamic courts in Ontario to decide on some civil cases  involving Muslims. Refused to send troops to Iraq.  Decriminalized marijuana, making it easier for smugglers to send pot into the U.S.A.  And supported a quasi-legalization of heroin in the city of Vancouver.
Now, however, the last straw is in the drink.  If the Canadian government provides sanctuary to American military criminals, deserters, "Talking Points" believes that action would directly undermine the U.S. war on terror.
At this point, I believe the Canadian government will send those guys back here.  But if it doesn't, then we, the people, of the U.S.A. should hold that country accountable, just as we are holding France accountable.
All of us in America should be soldiers in the war on terror. If a  foreign country's helping those who want to kill us, then we have an obligation to confront that. These deserters weren't drafted.  They signed up.  And when the going got tough, they split.  If all our military  people did that, 9-11 would be on constant instant replay.
Canada is now on notice. Undermining the American military by giving sanctuary to deserters will bring action by the most powerful force on this earth, the American people.
And that's "The Memo."
NOTE: We have posted this poll question on billoreilly.com.  Would you support a boycott against Canadian goods and services if that country does not return the American deserters?  Billoreilly.com has it for you.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
A few quick hits for you.  That teacher in Tampa we told you about last week has now been charged with a felony for killing two kids and hurting two others with her car and leaving the scene.  It took a while but she is now in the system.
Radical Congressman Jim McDermott (D-Wash.) refused to say the words "under God" during the daily congressional recitation of the "Pledge of Allegiance" yesterday.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. JIM MCDERMOTT:  I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY:  What a pinhead.  Isn't he?
And "The Toronto Globe & Mail," which we have been chiding for its leftist attitude ran a column today by Rob Love (ph), calling for the Canadian government to allow FOX News to be seen in Canada, which would be educational and not at all ridiculous.

