Disrespecting the office of the presidency -- that is a subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
Last Tuesday night, actor Chevy Chase (search) hosted an awards ceremony for a group called People for the American Way (search). That's a left-wing outfit funded by Hollywood producer Norman Lear (search). The event took place at the Kennedy Center here in Washington and honored actors Susan Sarandon (search) and Alec Baldwin (search), among others.
Now everything was going along according to plan when Mr. Chase decided to throw a few bombs, saying, "President Bush is a dumb F---, and I'm no F'---ing clown but this guy, Bush, started a jihad," and that's an unquote.
Chase went on to say, "This guy in office is an uneducated, real lying schmuck. And we still couldn't beat him with a bore like Kerry."
Apparently, many in the audience were shocked by these crude comments and organizer Norman Lear quickly distanced himself from Chase.
But there is a bigger story here, and that is that the nutty left continues to alienate everyday Americans, independents as well as conservatives.
There is no question that Whoopi Goldberg's foolish comments at a John Kerry fundraiser hurt Kerry--who had no idea how to handle the situation. Chevy Chase should have learned from that. Even he has to know that calling the president of the United States an "F" is not going to be accepted by most Americans.
Now you don't see this kind of thing on the Right. You don't see prominent conservatives cursing out Democratic members of Congress, for example. Now I know talk radio can get rough but nothing like what these Hollywood nitwits are throwing out there.
The People for the American Way obviously want liberal politicians in power. That's why the organization exists. But the left will never succeed if it continues to embrace people like Chevy Chase and Whoopi Goldberg (search).
Chase not only embarrassed himself, but he hurt his own cause, both professionally and politically. "Talking Points" believes the far Left is self-destructing in America.
It knows it can't win in the voting booth. It knows most Americans want a traditional country, not a progressive situation. There's no question the far Left has lost the respect of everyday folks, and now it's acting out.
Most sane Americans respect honest dissent, and we need two strong parties in this country, but we don't need foolish, demeaning attacks on any president, no matter what party he or she is in.
Chevy Chase should apologize, and the far Left should rethink its bitterness because the way things are going, soon there won't be much left.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
In Jacksonville, Florida, we have lots of "Factor" viewers. Judge Patricia Faucet (search) has ordered a Christmas tree removed from the courthouse down there, but a snowman can stay.
Even though the Christmas tree contained no religious ornaments, the judge said she just wanted to make sure no one would be offended, so the tree was chopped.
Hey, Judge, here's a clue. I'm offended! And I think most people in Jacksonville are not only offended, they think you're a pinhead. Put the tree back.
To not do so would be ridiculous. It's happening all over the place...

