Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thank you for watching us tonight.
Another atrocity by terrorist killers, and the media reaction to it.  That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
There is simply not enough outrage over the continuing atrocities committed by Islamic fascists, period.  The American media pretty much covers the brutal murders as a one-day event, while piling up story after story after story about Abu Ghraib (search) and Guantanamo Bay (search).
Something's wrong here.  And "Talking Points" has been harshly criticizing newspapers like "The New York Times" and "The L.A. Times" for soft coverage of the enemy.
Now I could be wrong.  Maybe these papers and news operations like CNN and NPR have really done a good job informing you about the terrible danger America faces.  I'd like to debate some of those editors who often criticize me and the Fox News Channel for our point of view.  But there is no dialogue as most elite media managers are frightened to debate people like "Los Angeles Times" editor John Carroll (search), who was confronted over the weekend in Atlanta.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Why won't you appear on the Bill O'Reilly show?
JOHN CARROLL:  You know, I have -- before O'Reilly came along -- or before he was in my consciousness, I took the position that these shows in which people interrupt each other and tell each other to shut up were something that my mother wouldn't approve of if I got on it.  She didn't raise me that way.
So just for purely personal reasons, I stay out of those things.  But I have -- I have turned down a couple of invitations to talk with O'Reilly.  And I probably will stick to that.  Mike Kinsley just started as editorial page editor.  Mike can perhaps be my shield from this evil man.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY:  Yes, here I am, Dr. Evil.  Michael Kinsley, of course, is a well-known liberal who has distorted pretty much everything he has ever said about me.
Now you would think "The L.A. Times" could figure it out.  It has just eliminated 160 jobs because advertising is down, even as the economy is rising.  Ad sales for the Fox News Channel are booming.
And the issue isn't talent.  "The L.A. Times" has a number of great reporters.  Today's article on Michael Moore, for example, by Patrick Goldstein is excellent and fair.  And "The Times" routinely breaks important stories.  But the paper's editorial view is off the chart left.  And in this time of terror, that's not going to cut it anymore.  Even Carroll knows the problem and said so in a memo to his staff a year ago.
Quote, "We are not going to push a liberal agenda in the news pages of the Times."
But they do because "The Times" and others continue to put political agendas over threat evaluations.  Believe me, Al Qaeda loves the Abu Ghraib story because they can hide in the fog of it all.
"Talking Points" once again extends an invitation to John Carroll to come on The Factor.  I will even call his mom and assure her he will not be scolded here.  And that's more than Al Qaeda would do if it ever got a hold of Mr. Carroll.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
"New York Post" celebrity columnist Cindy Adams was in France last week when American Paul Johnson was beheaded by Al Qaeda terrorists.  Ms. Adams reports, quote: "I was glued to the tragedy, nobody, nothing, not a word, zippo, zero, from the French. 'Paris Herald Tribune' did not position it as their lead story.  It was not conversation around the local coffee bars." .
Bottom line for Ms. Adams, quote: "Let the French sit and wait for the American tourists who hopefully are not going to come." Right on, Cindy Adams.  So we're not alone in boycotting France.  And here is the bumper sticker about 25,000 of you have ordered so far.  Enough with the French government and its corrupt view of the world.  That is sharp.
All right.  Now, here is a good look at the "God Bless America/Spin Stops Here" flag that we want you to fly within view of ACLU members.
(LAUGHTER)
O'REILLY:  Billoreilly.com has got them.  Ridiculous, that's "ridicule" in French.

