Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly reporting from California.  Thanks for watching us tonight.
Gays continue to marry in San Francisco in defiance of state law.  That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points" memo.  The situation's now much bigger than just gay marriage.  It's clear the authorities in California are not going to enforce the law, even though it is clearly stated.  This is a massive breakdown in social policy.  That's the fundamental problem.  The combination of a frightened governor, a sympathetic press, and activist judges have nullified  California's legal definition of marriage.  And now full-blown anarchy is underway in the city by the Bay.
Finally, after seven days, Governor Schwarzenegger has issued a short statement.  "Californians...overwhelmingly approved California's law that defines marriage as being between a man and a woman.  I support that law and encourage San Francisco officials to obey that law."
Encourage?  It's a governor's job to enforce the law, not encourage it.    What is this?  Are we not a nation where citizens are required to obey the law?
Here's what President Bush had to say.  "I have watched carefully what is happening in San Francisco where licenses are being issued, even though state law states otherwise.  I have consistently stated that I'll support laws to protect marriage between a man and a woman.  Obviously these events are influencing my decision."
Well, that's a little bit better than Schwarzenegger.  Bush is actually threatening to do something about this enormous mess.
Once again, I couldn't care less personally about gay marriage.  I'm not coming at this from a religious point of view or a moral standpoint.  But I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, society in America is breaking down fast.  Two-thirds  of California residents want marriage to remain between a man and a woman.  One man says he's above that law and nothing happens to the mayor.  This is incomprehensible and hypocritical.
In Alabama, Judge Roy Moore (search) lost his job because he defied the law.  Some conservatives groused, but most people understood that law had to be obeyed.  But not this case.  Again, this comparison.  Say I'm the mayor of  San Diego.  Say I believe every American has the right to carry a gun for  protection.  That goes against California law.  But Mayor Bill starts to issue gun  licenses to anybody who wants one.  Do you think the media would sit there and say nothing?  Do you think Arnold Schwarzenegger would encourage me not to do that?
The whole world's watching this.  If a California law is going to be openly defied by public officials, and nothing's said about it, you can forget about any  discipline in our society.  Want to take drugs?  Go ahead.  Want to marry your grandson?  Knock yourself out.  Want to throw a rock through a window?  All day long.
The rule of law is under siege here in California.  And now the politicians  have nowhere to hide.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day."
Your humble correspondent will appear this evening [on "The Tonight Show"] with Jay Leno.  That should be fun.
Tomorrow, we have a free event at the Wadsworth Theater in Brentwood, California.  If you're in Southern California, please call KABC Radio (search) for details or just show up at 7:00.  Again, it is free.
And on Friday, I'll be signing copies of "Who's Looking Out for You?" currently number four on "The New York Times" bestseller list, and "Those Who Trespass," just released, at the Barnes & Noble on Fairfax near the Farmer's Market at 7:00 p.m. Friday.  Rumors Barbra Streisand and Sean Penn will be there, but that may be ridiculous.
One footnote: I'd like to remind you that "Those Who Trespass" is an R-rated book, all right.  It's not like my non-fiction books.  It's a novel about murder and television.  It's not for kids, all right.

