Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly reporting tonight from the Democratic Convention in Boston. Thank you for watching us.
In just a few moments, Al Gore is going to address the crowd here. We might listen in for a minute or so, but we're trying to stay away from partisan speeches in both conventions this year. The no-spin zone has turned into a no propaganda zone. And that's the subject of this evening's "Talking Points" memo.
Instead, The Factor is going to give you coverage of the convention by telling you about any controversies and inside stuff. We think you're going to get a lot more out of these political circuses if we play down the partisan blather.
Now John Kerry has done something pretty smart. He's told the Democrats to knock off the bitter Bush bashing. We got a copy of Gore's speech. He's not throwing bombs tonight. Kerry understands the kind of defamation the far left has been peddling is insulting to most fair-minded Americans.
Last night, I was at the Red Sox-Yankees game. Kerry came out running from the dugout. Some in the crowd booed him loudly. It was kind of surprising for a hometown guy like the senator. Kerry then threw out the first pitch and bounced it. Well, at least we know he — there he goes. At least we know he's not a lefty. That's a joke for all you crazed ideologues out there, OK?
But Kerry's Fenway greeting was nothing compared to the uproar his wife caused at a Pennsylvania Democratic reception. Mrs. Kerry said "some of the campaign rhetoric has been un-American," and that caused a confrontation with a reporter. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
TERESA HEINZ KERRY, WIFE OF JOHN KERRY: We need to do well in Pennsylvania. We need to turn back some of the creeping un-Pennsylvanian and sometimes un-American traits that are coming into some of our politics.
I didn't say that. I did not say that.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm just asking you...
T. KERRY: Why are you putting those words in my mouth?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Did you say something about un-American?
T. KERRY: No, I didn't say that. I did not say ... or un-American. Those are your words. Understandable. You said something I didn't say. Now shove it.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now I kind of like the fact that Teresa Heinz Kerry is challenging reporters, but at this point it looks like she says something about un-American. She needs to explain it if she doesn't want this incident to become campaign fodder. Those who dislike the Kerry's will try to portray Teresa as unstable. So she needs to explain the un-American remark and her anger toward that reporter.
Again, I've got no problem telling any reporter who's out of line to shove it, but the situation must dictate that.
So the convention has gotten off to a rousing start. And we like that. We'll be here every night to tell you about the good, the bad, and the ugly. And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
Guess who I ran into about an hour ago? Our pal Michael Moore...
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: Come on, tell me how much time you deserve on my show. How about I give you 8 minutes?
MICHAEL MOORE: You and I should be in a neutral setting.
O'REILLY: This will be neutral.
MOORE: But it's your show... cut off the mike... you're going to...
O'REILLY: ... I never gave anybody the opportunity...
MOORE: How long do you want to go?
O'REILLY: Eight, eight minutes. You've got to keep it pithy, though.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
So here's the deal. Moore will be on this program tomorrow night. And believe me, you do not want to miss this. Ridiculous? Well, you'll make the call after you see it tomorrow night.
[So check out] billoreilly.com — I've got a brand new column on there as well.

