A salute to those protecting us: that's the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo." You know, it's easy to sit here on this Veterans Day and say nice things about Americans who are and are defending America. Most commentators are sincere when they lavish this kind of praise, but let's face it, there's no downside in doing it. And it can be used to bolster one's image.
So I'm going to take another approach this evening. Thousands of American soldiers have been wounded in Afghanistan and Iraq fighting the war on terror. And even if you disagree with how the war is being fought, all loyal Americans should respect the sacrifice of the military, especially those who have been killed or injured.
There's a new organization called the Wounded Warrior Project that is Wounded Warrior Project helping injured American soldiers readjust to civilian life. The project does many things and certainly should be supported by all of us.
If you go to woundedwarriorproject.org, you can find out exactly what the organization is doing and how you can help. Obviously, money is very important, but they might also need your skill. This is one Web ite worth keeping in touch with. So please write down the web address you see on your screen right now. And keep our wounded vets in mind this holiday season.
Now we will post that web address on billoreilly.com so you can tell your friends about it. Want to spread the word here. Supporting those who are protecting us is really not an option, it's a necessity. The sacrifices our military is making right now are incredible. Families are disrupted, lives turned upside down, danger is constant, and the military rewards are almost nonexistent.
The military is fighting for one reason, to protect we the people. So please help out if you can. Go to billoreilly.com if you missed the address and get involved with the Wounded Warrior Project. "Factor" viewers are the best. You've proven it time and time again. And on this Veterans Day, it's time to step up again.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
A racehorse named "No Spin Zone" ridden by jockey Alphonso Luhan (ph) and named by trainer Ron Gilmer (ph), stunned the crowd at Evangeline Downs in Lafayette, Louisiana. Let's pick up the call.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Royal Baby Scooter off in the lead. No Spin Zone in the center of the track to the outside. E.J.'s Little Gator (ph). No Spin Zone going strong on the inside. To the outside, Late Run Pack (ph) and Some Magic. No Spin Zone wins it!!
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Of course he does! Anything else would be ridiculous. Way to go, No Spin Zone.
One announcement before we get to the mail. Your humble correspondent -- that's me -- will be on PBS's Charlie Rose (search) program this evening if you want to TiVo it or check it out.
And all of our correspondents today, even the ones who don't like me, get a signed copy of the paperback of "Who's Looking Out For You?," once again on "The New York Times" bestseller list this Sunday. Thank you all. Everybody gets one tonight because that's the kind of guy I am.
We're celebrating the No Spin Zone victory.

