Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thanks for watching us tonight.
Another attempt to circumvent the law in San Francisco.  That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo." Yesterday, San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom (search ) sanctioned 87 marriages in the city by the Bay, causing a national uproar.  Scenes like these were played all over the world, making pro gay marriage people very happy and those opposed disturbed to say the least.
That's because in the year 2000, Proposition 22 (search) was passed by a huge majority of California voters.  That proposition says "only marriage between a man and a woman is valid or recognized in California." So what Mayor Newsom is saying to his fellow citizens basically, blank you.  We'll do what we want.  That, ladies and gentlemen, is anarchy.
When Alabama Judge Roy Moore (search) defied a federal order to remove the 10  Commandments, most Americans, even those who agreed with Moore, said he had to obey the law.  So then where is the outcry demanding Newsom obey the law?  The silence is deafening from the progressive community, which demanded the commandments be removed, citing the law ironically enough.
"Talking Points" has demonstrated numerous times that the city of San  Francisco, the federal appeals court based in that town and many officials there, are trying to change this country using anti-democratic methods.  What Governor Schwarzenegger (search) should do is have Mayor Newsom arrested and charged with disorderly conduct.  But Schwarzenegger would never send the state police in to cuff Newsom because that would be so politically incorrect, it's off the chart.  But that kind of bold message is needed.  The anti-democratic forces in this country are making huge gains and few are standing in their way.
• Item: there's no conservative court equivalent to the out of control Ninth Circuit [Court of Appeals] -- the most overturned federal court in U.S. history.
• Item: there's no traditional organization with the power of the ACLU (search).
• Item: there's no city like San Francisco providing a base for progressive action on the other side.  The Right's all over the place -- but not consolidated.
President Bush, of course, is powerful enough to engage the anti-democratic forces, but he's been busy with the terror war.  However, things are getting so bad, the president will have to likely step up soon.
Remember, the Boy Scouts have been thrown out of San Diego, the word "God" may very well be taken out of the Pledge of Allegiance (search), gay marriage is legal in Massachusetts, drug laws are under pressure, and some judges are doing everything they can to destroy the congressional ban signed by President Bush on partial birth abortion.  All of these things are happening against the will of the people, according to all the polls.
The gay marriage exposition of San Francisco is a clear signal sent by the progressive community.  If we don't like a law, we're not going to obey it.  Anarchy.
And that's The Memo .
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day."
As part of this job, I read newspapers from all around the country, and this item is from the Black Hills, North Dakota, "Pioneer."
There's a little kid up there named Will Pearson.  He's 2 years old.  And he's a big news watcher.  In fact, Will's favorite guys are Wolf Blitzer and me, your humble correspondent.
Apparently, Will pays very close attention to what's being said, according to the article, because his standard goodbye to someone leaving his home is, quote, "Bye-bye and please write if you wish to opine."
Ridiculous?  Only if you don't give will your name and town.

