Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thanks for watching us tonight.  Truth or dare, shedding the propaganda makers, that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
The presidential campaign promises to be vicious and unfair.  And both parties will probably do unsavory things.  Right now, however, it is the left that is taking propaganda to new heights.  Michael Moore's hit piece on President Bush will be in the theaters in a few weeks.  And expect to see a massive amount of attention paid to it by anti-Bush media.
But why would any American trust anything Moore had to say? Let me give you a stark example that is rock solid proof Moore is simply a fraud.  In next month's "Playboy" magazine, Moore is asked about the Janet Jackson (search) controversy.  He gives a long, rambling answer that includes this quote.
"Did you know that 24 hours after the Super Bowl incident, Bill O'Reilly said on the show, and I'm quoting, 'I want to kill Michael Moore?'  The number of complaints to the FCC over that?  Zero."
Wow, that sounds serious.  I want to kill Michael Moore.  That sounds like some kind of raving threat.  Moore said that knowing "Playboy" wouldn't check it out and that many people didn't hear what I actually said.  So let's go to the videotape.  I was speaking with Rudy Giuliani (search) about how Moore had damaged [former presidential candidate] Wesley Clarke (search).
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
O'REILLY:  They killed Clarke.  Once they nailed him with the Michael Moore thing...
RUDY GIULIANI, FMR. MAYOR NEW YORK CITY:  Absolutely, it killed him.  Yes.  And I think when people -- even that dislike the president, they kind of -- they still feel...
O'REILLYL:  Right.
GIULIANI:  ...this is too much.  Desertion is a crime punishable by death.  Let's get real.
O'REILLY:  Well, I want to kill Michael Moore, is that right?  All right?  And I don't believe in capital punishment.  That's just a joke on Moore.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
O'REILLY:  Just a joke on Moore, but of course, Moore distorted the entire thing because that's what he does.  And not only does he get away with it, he makes millions of bucks doing it.  And some in the mainstream media gleefully spread his propaganda for him.
This is dangerous.  It's tough enough to learn the truth these days without the likes of Michael Moore being applauded by the so-called responsible press.
The propaganda is now a high stakes show.  John Podesta (search), former chief of staff to President Clinton, has actually formed a corporation that shapes and distributes propaganda.  Incredible.  Speaking to go a group of liberal activists, Podesta was asked what can be done about news outlets that tell lies.  Podesta answered, it's time to sue Bill O'Reilly.
Well, that's just cheap.  Have I told any lies, sir?  Why don't you come right on this program and produce some proof of that?  And if you don't, you're a coward and a sleazy propagandist who deserves to be scorned.
But just the fact that a former presidential chief of staff is  running around peddling that kind of garbage tells you where we are as a country today.  John Podesta and Michael Moore, two of a kind.  All honest, liberal thinkers should be embarrassed.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
But before we get there, I want to give you the results of our billoreilly.com poll which asks you the question, are you interested in the Laci Peterson murder trial?  About 25,000 of you voted: 64 percent say, you don't care; 36 percent say, the trial is of interest.  Once again, billoreilly.com polls are not scientific.
OK.  Now for the "Ridiculous Item." You think it's bad in D.C., let's take you to Tokyo.  Debating a bill on pensions, things got a little heated in the land of the rising sun.  Some politicians let their feelings be known.  Talk about a No Spin Zone, these guys weren't spinning, they were punching.  Even though I'd love to see this on Capitol Hill, we admit it's a bit ridiculous.  I think the bill passed, by the way.

