Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thank you for watching us tonight.
Another victory for the ACLU and its war on Christianity.  That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
Take a good look at the county seal in Los Angeles, because it's about to change.  Supervisors voted 3 to 2 to cave into the ACLU's demands that the small cross on the right be removed.  And it soon will be, even though it's been there for 47 years.
The ACLU's Los Angeles director Ramona Richardson (search) says the cross makes some Angelinos feel "unwelcome."  Seeing people point out that the cross signifies the historical founding of Los Angeles by Catholic missionaries.  That historical argument seems to have some merit, because a few hundred miles north of L.A., federal Judge Phyllis Hamilton (search) recently ruled that seventh graders at a Contra Costa County school could be forced to say Muslim prayers in a history class for the sake of history.
By the way, just yesterday, Judge Hamilton declared the law banning partial birth abortion unconstitutional, thereby wiping out the will of the president, Congress, and the vast majority of Americans.
Of course, Judge Hamilton knows far more about the constitution than anyone.  And it would be interesting to see how this woman would rule if a public school history teacher forced his or her students to say Christian prayers.  I'm sure the judge would support that, just as she supports Muslim prayers.
Judge Hamilton and the ACLU are part of the anti-Christian cabal in America that sees the Christian majority as oppressors.  These people know they can never impose their secular agenda on this country, while Judeo-Christian philosophy dominates the philosophical arena.
That's because Judeo-Christian philosophy requires judgments about wrong and right and personal behavior.  The secularists deplore that.  They want an open society, where anything goes, including legalized drugs, any kind of abortion, euthanasia, gay marriage, and explicit images, a speech on the public airways.
Unless America's tradition of opposing these kinds of behaviors is changed, the secularist agenda will never become a reality.  So diminishing any Christian display in public is the goal.  And encouraging alternative thought, like Muslim prayers helps that goal.
The harsh truth is that many American Christians don't really care about what's happening.  L.A. County could have fought the ACLU using lawyers at the Thomas More Law Center (search).  And the Alliance Defense Fund would have taken the case for free.
But there's little outcry from the Christians of Southern California to fight.  And so, the ACLU wins again.  "Talking Points" wants you to know that we are rapidly losing freedom in America.  Judges are overruling the will of the people.  And fascist organizations like the ACLU are imposing their secular will.
And when was the last time you heard your priest, minister or rabbi talk about this?  For me the answer is simple.  Never.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
As you may know, some people have jazzed me about selling stuff, even though much of the money you spend on FACTOR gear goes to charity.  Well, fine.  Now we have something free for you.
If you go to billoreilly.com and sign up, we'll send you a free newsletter every week.  Did I mention it was free?  And the newsletter includes my weekly column.  There's no charge.  Pro bono.  Gratis.   More than 200,000 people all over the country and the world are currently getting The Factor newsletter, which also gives away free stuff.  So there.  Once again, it's free.  And free can never be ridiculous.

