We're going to try something new and bold here on “The Factor.” We're going to try and take ideology out of the upcoming election coverage.
Now this is risky because many of you are used to seeing guests root for your guy: either President Bush (search) or John Kerry (search). But ask yourself this question. Where does that get you?
Now I tried to read the editorial page in The New York Times Tuesday, but I couldn't. Left-wing propaganda guy Paul Krugman at his usual anti-Bush bash.
I think this guy has written three columns in his entire life. And he just changes the paragraphs around. Bush is always the fool. Blah. Blah. Blah. Never mind that Krugman was completely wrong about the economic rebound. Never let the facts get in the way of pushing your ideology.
And I can't listen to right-wing radio very much either. Here, Republican talking points are pounded over and over and over. Liberals are always the devil. Conservatives are always good.
Of course, it's a fairy tale. The truth is that some conservative positions are good for the country, and some are not. For example, strict vehicle fuel standards would help all of us dramatically. That's a liberal position.
On the left side, the embrace of secularism has been a disaster for the nation's children. And the lack of discipline many liberals espouse will lead to disaster for you both professionally and personally.
So the best way to cover this upcoming presidential race, I think, is to avoid the predictable pundits pushing a tired view of the world and hold each candidate accountable for what they do and say each day.
A no spin daily profile of these guys will help you decide who is the better man without all the propaganda. President Bush will be treated fairly here. And so will Senator Kerry.
We're going to try that approach. God help us.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Howard Dean (search) now says he has changed his mind and will not drop out of the race if he loses in Wisconsin. Since he has lost everywhere else, why blame Wisconsin?
There is no truth to the rumor that Dean is now sharing hotel rooms with Dennis Kucinich to save expenses.
That would be ridiculous.

