President Bush doesn't like to talk about social issues like gay marriage (search) and degenerate entertainment. These would seem to be red meat issues for the president, but it's a fact that special interests in the USA are now dominating the culture debate.
For example, all the polls say most Americans don't want to change the traditional definition of marriage. Yet the will of the people is being battered by a media sympathetic to gays, by activist judges, and by well-financed special interest groups. Thus, the battle may be won by the minority. And this is happening in many different areas.
Right now, religious people are the ones speaking out for traditional values. But America does not forge public policy based on religion. Thus as soon as God enters the debate, the secularists win.
Think about your own whole life in this country. How many changes have you seen in the past 20 years? Gangsta rap (search) would have been unthinkable in 1984. Ditto, taking God out of the pledge of allegiance (search). Gay marriage? Not even on the radar screen.
So what has changed in America? Well, No. 1, the media has shifted dramatically to the left as network news and powerful urban newspapers promote secular causes all day long. And these entities often demonize those who oppose them with labels like fundamentalist.
The powerful liberal media is aided by people like billionaire George Soros, who pumps tens of millions of dollars into special interest groups, allowing those groups to file lawsuits to change local standards. That's why you're seeing the words 'Christmas holiday' being taken off some school calendars. The districts can't afford the legal fight.
But most importantly, traditional Americans lack a strong leader on social issues. I mean, think about it. You have a conservative president in the White House who rarely engages these issues. So the secularists have the bully pulpit. And they're using it very effectively.
What kind of country do you want? Denmark, where pretty much any conduct is acceptable? Do you want gay marriage? Do you want legalized drugs? Do you want violent entertainment mainstreamed by powerful media companies? Do you want your kids taught about all kinds of sexual activity in the second grade?
Well, those things may well happen in America and soon, because the forces that want them are well financed, well organized, and extremely aggressive, all the things that traditionalists are not.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Our spies in St. Louis tell us that the Anheuser-Busch company is hoping to ride out the Ludacris (search) controversy, believing it will go away if the company says nothing.
Our billoreilly.com poll question is: Will you continue to do business with Anheuser-Busch now that the company has hired the gangsta rapper Ludacris? More than 40,000 of you have voted so far. We're going to leave that question up for another 24 hours or so. Eighty-seven percent say they are going to stop doing business with Anheuser-Busch. Just 13 percent say they will continue.
Of course, the whole thing is ridiculous, especially the people sticking up for Ludacris.

