Hi, I'm Bill O'Reilly.  Thank you for watching us tonight.
The Bush plan on illegal immigration, that is the subject of this evening's Talking Points Memo.  The president wants Congress to pass a law, giving about 10 million illegal immigrants the right to work and live in this country.  Mr. Bush says it's not amnesty, but it is.  Remember, this is a  No Spin Zone.
Now here are some "bullet points:"
• The feds would match illegal workers with companies that need them.
• The feds would background check the illegals who sign up for the program.
• Once an illegal [immigrant] gets a job, he or she would get a guest worker card, allowing them to stay in the USA for three years.
• They could then move their families here if they could demonstrate financial stability.
• They could also apply for citizenship.
So this program is basically an amnesty situation, if you play by the rules, which you've already broken by coming here illegally in the first place. -- But the program is all carrot cake and no stick.  Those who have broken the law obviously get a break, but little will be done to stop future illegal aliens.  This is the huge flaw.
If Mr. Bush would order the states to use the National Guard to help the border patrol, I'd support the president's plan.  America does need foreign labor and we cannot deport 10 million people.  It's impossible, but this amnesty will just encourage millions of other people all over the world to come here illegally.
Over the next 10 years, we could see 25 million more illegal aliens.  I mean, who's going to stop them?  Remember, the Reagan amnesty in '86 led to the current chaos.  Once Mr. Reagan showed the world that you could become an American citizen by breaking the law, millions more broke it.  The same will happen this time, as smuggling rings will be set up all over the world to shuttle people over here, as the border remain porous.
America will also have to absorb an astounding amount of expense, according to analysis done by "The San Diego Union Tribune."  Illegal immigrants cost the taxpayers $20 billion every year.  34 percent of legal Mexican immigrants are on welfare right now.  And 25 percent of illegals are as well.  This number will rise with the amnesty.  Most illegals are willing to work hard, but as the numbers prove, millions are not.
The big winner here is Mexico.  President Fox must be dancing around the clock.  He gets rid of millions of poor people, gets millions of dollars sent back to Mexico, and does absolutely nothing in return.  If Bush and Fox worked together to stop the border chaos, it would be stopped.  But they don't.
President Bush is calculating that his supporters will vote for him, even if they don't like the amnesty, especially if Dean is his opponent.  But the question is, will the amnesty help America?  And the answer is no, not if the borders  remain open and millions more pour in here illegally, as they will.  If that happens, America will become a far different place 10 years from now than it is today.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day."
Last night, we asked you to vote on a billoreilly.com poll question.  Should I, your humble correspondent, respond to personal attacks in the year 2004?  That poll is still open.
I'm going to follow your advice.  Whatever this poll says, all right, whatever wins, I'm going to go along with.  And we'll tell you tomorrow.
That gives me one more day possibly to respond to dishonest attacks, and let's spotlight one of the chief villains, Matt Drudge.
After leaving Fox News Channel, Drudge has devoted himself to battering The Factor .
First, he said "The Radio Factor" was a failure.  That, of course, is not true.  It's one of the most successful programs in America.
Then he has repeatedly misled his readers about book sales.  He quotes the Nielsen Group and says Hillary's book is this and that, the smear books are this and that, and O'Reilly's book doesn't measure up, na da da da da.
Nonsense.  And Drudge knows it.
This coming Sunday will mark the fifth week "Who's Looking Out for You?" is number one on "The New York Times" bestseller list.
My publisher actually sent Drudge a letter saying that the Nielsen company does not count book sales from many major department stores and other places.  "Who's Looking Out for You?" does great business in these venues.
For example, at Costco, we've outsold Hillary since September nine to one.
Drudge wouldn't print the letter, which tells you all you need to know about this guy.
So, as this may be my last reply to personal attacks, I'm happy it's directed at Drudge, who's ridiculous, with all due respect, of course.  It's a shame.

