

BILL O'REILLY, HOST:  In the "Personal story" segment tonight, a terrible situation in Pennsylvania. Two days ago, Valerie Oskin, 32-years old, was attacked by her neighbor, Peggy Jo Conner. Ms. Oskin was eight months pregnant. Conner allegedly hit her over the head with a baseball bat, drove her to a secluded woods, slashed her belly open and tried to steal the fetus.
The attempted murder was interrupted with 17-year old Adam Silvis, who came upon the assault while riding in an all-terrain vehicle. The boy alerted his parents, who then called the police.
Ms. Oskin was then rushed to the hospital, where she gave birth to a baby boy. She's in critical condition. The baby is doing well.
Joining us now from Pittsburgh, it's Scott Andreassi, the Armstrong County D.A. and Adam Silvis.
Adam, so you're tooling along there in the woods in your all- terrain and you see what?
ADAM SILVIS, WITNESSED WOMAN ALLEGEDLY STEALING NEIGHBOR'S FETUS: Well, at first I saw a vehicle parked there. And I seen something beside it. So I thought maybe there were sitting out garbage or something.
And as I proceeded, I got up - it's on a closed motorized vehicle road. And I got up to her. And the lady ran around the front of the vehicle and she says, "Everything's fine here." I'm like, OK.
I acted pretty normal because I didn't - I knew that something — there was foul play going on. And then she said she was just looking for a place to hunt or something like that.
And well I told her I was going back to check my hunting stand. So I proceeded back to the road. And I didn't act like alarmed. And I went back there and turned around. And I went back past her. And by this time, she was laying — I seen a body beside the car. And she was knelt down beside the body. And she waved and smiled at me as I'm going out the road.
O'REILLY: Did you see any blood or anything?
SILVIS: Oh, yes, definitely.
O'REILLY: All right, so you knew there was violence going on?
SILVIS: Quite - yes, I definitely was aware of that.
O'REILLY: And then you went back and told your parents, and they called the cops?
SILVIS: Yes. I flew back home. And it seemed like seconds till I got there.
O'REILLY: Well, good for you, Adam. I mean, you probably saved the woman's life and the baby's life. So good for you.
Mr. Andreassi, you have interviewed now the alleged perpetrator of this. Is she totally insane or what?
SCOTT ANDREASSI, ARMSTRONG COUNTY, PA. DISTRICT ATTORNEY: Given what's happened here, Bill, and given the evidence we've gathered, this is a woman who thought out this plan, had been thinking about it for quite some time, and had been planning for it.
O'REILLY: But how could anybody think they'd get away with something like this? I mean, they were neighbors. And we just saw the trailer park. The woman's pregnant. This Andreassi, I mean, I'm sorry, this woman shows up with a baby. Even if she was able to snatch the baby from the woman's womb - I mean, how could she ever think she'd get away with any of that?
ANDREASSI: I can't imagine how you'd ever expect to get away with it, other than her plan had to have been to actually allow Valerie to die and then try and dispose of her body. But even then, how would you get away with it?
O'REILLY: Does she have any rational explanation of why she would do this to the young woman?
ANDREASSI: Her only explanation that we have received so far is that she wanted this child. And she was apparently willing to do whatever she had to do to get it.
O'REILLY: It's hard to believe. And now what are you going to charge her with?
ANDREASSI: She's charged with criminal attempt homicide on Valerie, on aggravated assault on Valerie, and aggravated assault of an unborn child on the unborn child.
O'REILLY: And if convicted, gets what?
ANDREASSI: Same penalty she would receive as the underlying crime. What we're looking at right now is first degree murder, so the penalty potentially could be life in prison without parole.
O'REILLY: Is she going to plead guilty?
ANDREASSI: We don't know at this point. We understand she's applied for counsel in the public defender's office. And we'll be proceeding to a preliminary hearing next week.
O'REILLY: Yes, because I mean, what you're going to get is a temporary insanity or just a flat-out insanity. Have you had your doctors or psychiatrists look at her?
ANDREASSI: We've made those arrangements. And the evaluation hasn't occurred yet.
O'REILLY: All right. Now Adam, has this had any effect on you? I mean, you're a young guy. And I think you're a hero. And I really appreciate what you've done. Acted quickly, kept your head about you.
But have you thought about this in any detail?
SILVIS: Actually, quite a bit. I haven't been getting much sleep at all. But I mean, I just put it in perspective. I'm glad that God placed me in that position for me to find the situation, because someone might not have reacted the same way. Maybe somebody might not have reacted at all. And I'm glad that I was there at the time I was. I mean, I pretty much showed up at a perfect time. Not too late and not too early for not to even be there yet.
O'REILLY: So that's all good. And the positive track you're taking is good. But any negatives that creep into your mind here?
SILVIS: I mean, the only thing is I mean, it was close to our home. I mean, I think about it. I mean, I've been thinking about it constantly.
But I mean, I got peace of mind knowing that there is a suspect and it's not just up in the air, because it could have easily — if she would have took off or something like that, then it would have been up in the air. But it would eventually probably have been found out.
O'REILLY: OK. Mr. Andreassi, one more thing. Is the mother going to survive here? The baby is going to survive.
ANDREASSI: Yes, the baby is doing very well. In fact, we were able to interview the mother late this morning. And she's doing very much better than she had been.
O'REILLY: All right. OK, gentlemen, thanks very much. Adam, once again, wait to go. We appreciate you guys coming on the program.
SILVIS: Thank you.
ANDREASSI: Thank you.


