Helping the kids of U.S. military people killed in the war on terror, that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
Most Americans appreciate the sacrifice the American military is making in Iraq, Afghanistan, and all over the world. The war on terror is intense, dangerous, and misunderstood, especially misunderstood. Just today, The New York Times editorialized this way: "[The administration doesn't] want a full accounting of how American soldiers and intelligence agents have been turned into torturers."
Well, The Times believes the Bush administration has encouraged the military to abuse, capture prisoners. I don't believe that. I've seen no evidence of that.
The evidence I've seen demonstrates the military is prosecuting people who do abuse prisoners. I could be wrong, but I believe the U.S. military mostly uses restraint in difficult situations.
If The New York Times has proof that high-ranking Bush administration officials have endorsed systematic torture, I'd like to see it.
What is happening in the media is a full-court press to damage the Bush administration by using things like Abu Ghraib, and then taking them 10 steps further without the evidence to back it up. That hurts the military, and it obviously hurts the war effort.
Now fair-minded Americans want truth. As I've said many times, no member of the U.S. military should torture anybody. "Talking Points" believes coerced interrogation methods should be used by presidential order only.
Be that as it may, the issue this evening is helping the children of military people, who have been killed in the war on terror. So far, about 1,100 American children have lost a parent in Iraq, and hundreds of other kids have had parents killed in Afghanistan.
We believe the U.S. government should pay college education costs for those children. At a time when patriotic Americans are volunteering to protect their country against evil, the government should step up and look out for their kids.
So we're asking congressmen and senators to draft legislation and pass a bill providing college tuition to the children of slain military people. We owe it to those who have died in the struggle to help their kids. And "The Factor" urges our federal leaders to directly contact us if they believe that as well.
Remember, the 9/11 families received government assistance. So this is a fair and logical proposition. We also encourage you to contact your congresspeople and senators and urge them to back this proposed legislation.
We'll let you know what happens on Monday. We expect to get big reaction to this. And we expect the bill to be passed quickly. And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
We have one of the closest BillOReilly.com poll questions ever going on. We are asking what is most important to you: oil prices, fighting terrorism, controlling illegal immigration? Oil prices, fighting terrorism, controlling illegal immigration? You get to select one. And we will give you the results on Monday.
Also, while you're visiting BillOReilly.com, please click on the Christmas holiday store. This year, we price gifts between $10 and $150, realizing that high energy prices are hurting a lot of folks. We have great stuff all made in America at low prices. People like them.
And look at this. The big item is the "No Spin" varsity jacket, modeled by me and Lis Wiehl. Unfortunately, Lis looks a lot better than I do. Again, we've kept the price of this jacket as low as possible. They're really sharp, great jackets.
Now, "What say you?" T-shirts have already sold out. So word to the wise on the other stuff, it will go fast.
And by the way, Habitat for Humanity just received a big check from us, thanks to everyone who has spent money on BillOReilly.com gear. And that's not ridiculous at all.

