More bad news for President Bush, but his opponents fail to capitalize. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
A new Gallup (search) poll taken after the president's speech in New Orleans (search) last week shows no bounce. His job approval rating stands at 40 percent. And a record 58 percent of Americans saying his performance is not good.
Despite those dismal numbers, the far left in America has failed to capitalize. Even though most Americans are disappointed with Mr. Bush, they're not rushing over to the progressive movement.
Another poll out this week shows that both John McCain (search) and Rudy Giuliani (search) would beat Hillary Clinton (search) for the presidency in 2008. Now the reason Americans are not taking a left turn is because that movement is simply creepy. Cindy Sheehan (search), Howard Dean (search), George Soros (search), they are not exactly winning the hearts and minds of everyday folks.
In fact, the radical bomb throwers are on the run. For example, the L.A. Times (search) fired far left guy Michael Kinsley's editorial director. And today, that newspaper endorsed John Roberts (search) for chief justice of the Supreme Court. How refreshing. We hope the L.A. Times becomes more independent minded. Both Los Angeles and the country needs that.
The Air America (search) left-wing network, well, that could be on its last legs, at least that's what we're hearing. We'll have a report tomorrow.
And the radical Web sites are just desperate. Here's the latest example. Listen to this. A few days ago on The Radio Factor (search), I was joshing around about the U.N., a favorite target of mine, and said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Bush addressed the U.N., says he wants to be steadfast in battling terrorism. I'm sure all the U.N. people fell asleep. They don't really care about anything over there at all. I just wish Katrina had only hit the United Nations building, nothing else. Just flooded them out. And I wouldn't have rescued them.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, one of those nutty far left Web sites, which tapes the radio program every day, called up the United Nations Foundation Chief Tim Werth (search), who then wrote this letter to FOX News.
"Mr. O'Reilly should be required to withdraw these remarks. And both Mr. O'Reilly and Fox should make an immediate and public apology. Some weeks ago Pat Robertson (search) made a mistake in calling for the assassination of a head of state and then he had the decency to apologize and withdraw his comments. Bill O'Reilly should do the same."
Well, apparently Tim Werth has never listened to talk radio. So I will speak very slowly to him. It was a jest, sir. We exaggerate on the radio. You heard a wheel in the background, you know. Wise up.
Now chances are the former senator never even heard the broadcast. He just took the word of an unbelievably irresponsible Web site. He was used. His fault. He should know better.
But this ridiculous incident just points out how desperate and dishonest the far left is. Truth be told, they are the Republican Party's best friend. And that's “The Memo.”
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
New York City police shut down a rally by Cindy Sheehan (search) and her merry band because they did not have a permit to use a bullhorn. The organizer of the event, Paul Zulkowitz, a.k.a. Zul, was charged with disorderly conduct. Be that as it may.
But I have one piece of advice to the anti-war movement. It might not be a great idea to have a leader named Zul. Too "Star Trek." Know what I mean? Somebody named Harvey might be better.
Zul is ridiculous.

