“The Factor” bumped for the presidential news conference: that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
We missed you last night. And it was painful to watch the pinhead White House press corps question President Bush (search). Not one query about illegal immigration or the border chaos. Not one. And that's because the elite media doesn't really care about this issue. Quietly, many of those people support open borders. So the president didn't even have to deal with perhaps his weakest issue.
Social Security was discussed at length. And this is a completely bogus issue. No fair person could possibly object to Americans being given the option to invest a small part of their Social Security (search) tax in a private fund under federal supervision. There's no threat here. If you want to do it, fine. If you don't, fine. What's the beef?
The left-wing ideologues object simply because they can. There's no logical reason for opposing this. The president went on to say that rich Americans will probably get less Social Security payback in the future and poor Americans more. The left should be real happy about that.
There's no question that the USA is heading into an era where the haves will support the have-nots to a greater extent. "Talking Points" has no problem with that, as long as it's kept under control and the death tax is repealed. Seizing private property after an American dies is simply socialism. And that's not what we're about here.
The rest of the press conference was a repetition of what Bush has already said. He easily fielded the questions from a very docile press contingent. Watching that drove me nuts.
Anyway, I'm looking forward, I'm sure you are too, to a brand new energy plan, common sense fixes in Social Security, improvement in Iraq, and everything else the president promised.
If even some of that comes true, Mr. Bush will be well remembered once he leaves office. But the specter of disaster still lies south on the border. And nobody even asked about it.
That's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
My new column, which ran in The New York Post today, also in hundreds of other newspapers around the country, is about the best broadcaster in America. It is not me. That would be ridiculous, if I wrote a column and was me. It was not.
So you check out billoreilly.com if you'd like to know who it is. The column is posted there.
Also on the web site, a link to the border petition. So far nearly 300,000 people have signed it. And the results of our billoreilly.com poll, sponsored by EmigrantDirect.com. Do you or did you spank your kids? Ninety-two percent of the 45,000 of you who voted said yes, you spank them. Eight percent say no.

