

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: "Back of the Book" segment tonight, one of the most successful books of the year has been Bernie Goldberg's "The 100 People Who are Screwing Up America." Very entertaining read.
This season, Bernie is making a list and checking it twice. And he's come up with a few more people who aren't doing the country much good. Mr. Goldberg joins us now from Miami.
You know, one of the criticisms of your book is it's mostly liberals in the book. You do have some conservatives.
BERNARD GOLDBERG, AUTHOR, "THE 100 PEOPLE WHO ARE SCREWING UP AMERICA": Right.
O'REILLY: The list — the new list has got two — I don't know what to call these. What is it, Gaede twins? These little teenagers who run around with aNazi song? Is that what they're doing?
GOLDBERG: Right. Right. These two girls are 13-year-old girls. They're impossibly cute. I mean, they're like the Olson twins, except they're the Sieg Heil twins.
O'REILLY: Right.
GOLDBERG: I mean, they sing. They dance. They do music videos, and they have a big following among neo-Nazis and white supremacists. They sing a song, these two cute girls, they sing a song that pays tribute — this is kind of funny — to Rudolph Hess, who was Hitler's deputy furor. And during the song they give a little "Sieg Heil" while they're doing the song.
O'REILLY: See, I would charge their parents with child abuse. I mean, I'd go out — because these — look, these moppets don't know anything.
GOLDBERG: It's just the mother. The father's not in the picture, Bill.
O'REILLY: It's just the mother?
GOLDBERG: It's the mother, April. April is her name, and she is the one behind it all.
O'REILLY: Is she a descendent from Eva Braun or something? I mean, this is — now, look.
GOLDBERG: She's a descendent from her father, who has swastikas on his pickup truck. So...
O'REILLY: I got it. These two little girls, you've got to feel sorry for them.
GOLDBERG: Right.
O'REILLY: I mean, they're brainwashed moppets. They don't know anything. And there they are, and it's pathetic. It's the mother. The mother is in charge.
And then you've got Ramsey Clark, our pal who is representing, I guess — do you think Saddam Hussein actually knows Ramsey is representing him, or what?
GOLDBERG: Well, look, let's get the easy stuff out of the way first. Every criminal defendant is entitled to a lawyer.
O'REILLY: Right.
GOLDBERG: Even a dictator who kills hundreds of thousands of his own people and has torture chambers and all that.
But having said that, it's not for nothing that Ramsey Clark has been called, you know, the war criminal's best friend. Let me just, very, very quickly, Bill — remember the genocide in Rwanda? Ramsey Clark represented the guy who was behind the genocide in Rwanda.
Slobodan Milosevic, who didn't like minorities, so he ethnically cleansed them, you know, killed off hundreds of thousands of them, Ramsey Clark was his lawyer. 1993, the World Trade Center is bombed by extremist Muslims. Ramsey Clark is their lawyer.
The Achille Lauro, Leon Klinghoffer, an old man in a wheelchair, is shot dead and thrown over the side with his wheelchair into the Mediterranean. And when the PLO is sued in a civil case, Ramsey Clark is their lawyer.
Michelle Malkin had the right phrase for it. Ramsey Clark is nothing more than a terrorist ambulance chaser.
O'REILLY: Yes, but you know, he loses. If I were Saddam, I wouldn't want this guy. Because as soon as Ramsey walks in, it's like, "Guilty!"
All right. Now the final one is our pal Cindy Sheehan, another woman whom I now feel sorry for because she's so off the rails. Right.
GOLDBERG: Yes, you've got to be careful. You, more than anybody else, knows how careful you have to be when you're talking about Cindy Sheehan. Because, as you rightly call it, the left- wing smear sites, if you get a syllable wrong, will be all over you.
She suffered a terrible loss. She deserves every ounce of sympathy we could muster, but she's not above reproach. If she's going to say the insane things that she says and become, you know, Michael Moore in a dress, which is not really a pretty image to convey just before Christmas. If she's going to become that kind of left winger, blaming Texas oilmen for the war in Iraq and blaming a Zionist cabal for the war...
O'REILLY: The end — she deserves...
GOLDBERG: She's got to come in for some criticism.
O'REILLY: The end for Cindy Sheehan was when she called the terrorists in Iraq freedom fighters.
Bernie, thanks very much. Happy Hanukkah to you. We appreciate you coming on the program.
GOLDBERG: Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas to you, Bill.


