Those who help the terrorists, that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo".
As you may know, “The Factor” is holding every governor in the country accountable for passing tough new laws against child sex offenders. Alabama, for example, is in the process of doing that right now. And we applaud the action.
But those governors who do not move against child sex abusers will be noted on this broadcast. The clock is running.
In addition, we have decided to spotlight just who's helping the terrorists, which countries and individuals are aiding these vicious killers. As always, we'll back up our analysis with facts and give our targets the opportunity to respond if they want to. We realize the seriousness of the situation.
Now there's no question that worldwide terror exists because people help these savages. Some actively, some passively, but help is help.
Target number one, the USA is the ACLU, which is demanding that accused foreign terrorists be afforded Geneva Convention protections and trials in criminal court. The Geneva Convention is quite clear in stating that captured individuals wearing no uniforms and those who attack civilians are not entitled to Geneva protections. The ACLU doesn't seem to care about that.
The Constitution makes no mention of any legal rights for foreigners captured overseas. Again, the ACLU doesn't care. The ACLU is also demanding that more pictures of the abuse at Abu Ghraib be released. The Defense Department is fighting that. Everybody knows those pictures incite violence against Americans. So why should more of them be fed to the press? We already know what happened at Abu Ghraib. And people are going to prison because of it.
Clearly, more pictures of Abu Ghraib (search) help the terrorists, as do Geneva Convention protections and civilian lawyers. So there's no question the ACLU and the judges who side with them are terror allies.
But what about a guy like "New York Times" columnist Bob Herbert? His thesis is that worldwide terrorism is being exacerbated by the Iraq War. And Herbert's opinion is held by many people who are blaming the current wave of terror killings on President Bush and Prime Minister Blair.
Are Herbert and others helping the terrorists by misdirecting, in my opinion, the motive for terrorism? "Talking Points" will not condemn Herbert for that opinion. I think it's wrong, but not intentionally aiding the killers.
However, you will not see Herbert and his ilk condemn the ACLU for inciting terror with this Abu Ghraib deal. And that is out of the park hypocritical. Any picture of accusation of an American abusing a Muslim is a terror recruiting tool. Hello, Newsweek, oran controversy.
So Bob Herbert is most likely helping the terrorists, but his hatred of Mr. Bush blinds him to that. He's not alone, but this kind of stuff has got to stop. We're now fighting for our lives. And those helping the enemy will be brought to your attention. And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
And time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day." — It's beyond ridiculous.
The media in this country has largely sat out the child sexual offender issue, as you know. Newspapers like The Houston Chronicle and The St. Petersburg Times actually oppose some tough, proactive policies to deal with offenders who molest children and those who help them.
But I was very happy to se the New York Daily News columnist Denis Hamill blast politicians and others who will not confront these sick criminal. Hamill consistently looks out for the folks, and I'm happy he's on our side in this crusade, because few others in the media are.
And that is ridiculous in the extreme.
And finally tonight, he mail, but first, results of our billoreilly.com poll. Do you care what happens to Karl Rove? Almost 30,000 of you voted. Sixty percent say they do care what happens to old Karl. And 40 percent do not care one bit.
Here's our new billoreilly.com poll question. Do you think the American media is fair when covering terrorism? Do you think the American media is fair when covering terrorism? Yes or no. All right? Give you the results later on in the week.

