

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Impact" segment tonight, the FBI in San Diego infiltrated the North American Man/Boy Love Association, have arrested seven men who are heading to Mexico, allegedly to sexually abuse young boys.
Now we thought we had driven NAMBLA out of this country after reporting the terrible murder of a 10-year-old Massachusetts boy, but apparently that group's Web site is up and running again. And they have a post office box in New York City and also in San Francisco.
Joining us now from Washington, Pat Trueman, senior legal counsel for the Family Research Council (search). Mr. Truman formally worked in the Justice Department (search ), where he oversaw cases about abused children.
You know, I thought I had this outfit out. You know, the last time we looked at them hard, they had shut down their Web site and gone up to Canada or over to Denmark some place. But now they're back and operating again it looks like, right?
PAT TRUEMAN, FAMILY RESEARCH COUNCIL: That's right. And thanks to you and the publicity you have given to law enforcement for what they've done in the past, NAMBLA was pretty quiet, but now you see they're still alive. The FBI says there are hundreds of people that belong.
It's a network of child abusers and people who advocate sex with children. They're saying, as you know, Bill, used to be "sex before eight or it's too late." And there are people who know how to molest kids. And they're networked. They tell about sting operations to alert their members. They tell where you can get kids and how to molest them.
O'REILLY: Yes.
TRUEMAN: What countries have soft laws.
O'REILLY: And that's what we're reporting. The Curly boy who was killed by a NAMBLA member in Massachusetts. I mean, the NAMBLA member, you know, told the court, hey look, I did it because of the Web site. They told me how to do it. And they justified it. And that's why I did it. There was no question.
And that civil lawsuit is still underway. But these people, it's hard to find out where they are. That's the problem, right?
TRUEMAN: Well...
O'REILLY: The FBI got through the screen and did infiltrate the organization to make these seven arrests, but it's generally hard to find out where they are.
TRUEMAN: It is hard to find out. And they aren't as big perhaps as they used to be. But that's because of the Internet. Pedophiles now can, of course, download child pornography or go to a Web site like Yahoo! and join a club that caters to pedophiles. It's free. You put your e-mail address in and you'll get your e-mail box filled up with solicitations.
O'REILLY: But most of that stuff comes from overseas. It comes from Thailand. It comes from northern Europe...
TRUEMAN: Well, a lot of it come right here, Bill.
O'REILLY: ...where there are no laws against this kind of stuff. And they're not enforced if they have them.
But this, the FBI got through. It actually got through, got into the little club, and then nailed these seven guys and another guy in Los Angeles, I think it was.
And some of these guys were former teachers. One was a minister or is a minister. I mean, here they are. We're looking at them. Do you know how the FBI got in there?
TRUEMAN: They joined, which you can do on the Web site, and went to a couple of meetings, and got friends with some of the pedophiles who are part of this network, and then suggested a trip. They dummied up a travel service for a sail from San Diego to Mexico and got seven people to agree.
O'REILLY: All right, so this is interesting. So they went into the Web site. They started to talk to them in the chatrooms. And then they said, hey, let's all go down to Mexico. I know a place where we can get boys. And let's book through this travel agent. They'll all get us down.
And then these guys did it. And then when they showed up, they arrested them.
TRUEMAN: And then following on, I presume, the FBI searched their houses, their offices, their computers to find out what other individuals they're trading child pornography with or what children they're molesting.
O'REILLY: Right.
TRUEMAN: A lot of pedophiles keep copious records.
O'REILLY: Oh, absolutely.
TRUEMAN: This sting will go on and on and on.
O'REILLY: Well, I mean...
TRUEMAN: There will be many, many people caught.
O'REILLY: So this is very effective in the sense that now any idiot who glows to the NAMBLA Web site may be talking to a Fed.
TRUEMAN: That's right.
O'REILLY: So I'm glad the feds are actually monitoring this Web site, which is up and running right now, right?
TRUEMAN: Right. And now with your publicity I would say anybody thinking about joining, who's a pedophile, will think twice, Bill.
O'REILLY: Yes. I mean, and I hope they -- you know, these people just -- they're the worst.
Now the final deal on this thing is the post office boxes. You have to pay like $350 to be a member of NAMBLA and get their literature and I guess their passwords to certain perversions. Why can't the Feds just trace those post office boxes?
TRUEMAN: I'm sure they can. And individuals that were caught up in this web, the seven individuals will have that information. And they can go right at NAMBLA if they want to.
NAMBLA -- I'd like to know who's running it here in the States...
O'REILLY: Yes, so would I.
TRUEMAN: Their attorney, -- Larry Stanley (search ), who we prosecuted when I was at Justice, got off because the judge threw out the child pornography. But he was convicted in a South American country the last couple years, serving time in some jail down there where I'm sure he regrets ever...
O'REILLY: I think it's Bolivia some place this guy.
TRUEMAN: Yes.
O'REILLY: Well, yes. Well, anyway, look, enough said. We're glad the Feds are doing their job. This outfit's got to be put out of business.
Mr. Trueman, thanks very much. Let us know if anything new happens.


