The Muslim insurrection in France, that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo".
Well, if you don't believe in karma after this story, what can I say. Let's start at the beginning. If France had demanded that Saddam Hussein allow the U.N. weapons inspectors full access, there would not have been a war in Iraq. But as you know, France was making millions under the table by working with Saddam. And that corrupt bargain hurt us all.
Also, let's not forget the Chirac government and the French media have consistently undermined America's War on Terror. — That's why we're boycotting France.
But now the tide has turned, hasn't it? France is under bitter siege by Muslims. And the weak Chirac government has been exposed in front of the world. For nearly two weeks, Chirac has allowed the insurrection to build in ferocity, refusing to use his military, allowing anarchy in the streets. This makes Hurricane Katrina look like a comic book.
President Chirac simply has no clue. And if the French people can't figure this out, their entire country's at risk.
So what are the lessons here? Well, France has allowed massive Muslim immigration. Ten percent of the French population now practices Islam.
Many of these new French citizens are people of color from Africa, who feel the native French do not accept them and the police treat them unfairly.
Being a socialist society, France has provided its new citizens with the usual entitlements, including housing, health benefits, and welfare, but there are few jobs in the French economy, which has been stagnant for years. So millions of immigrants are unemployed, feel disenfranchised, and hate their adopted country.
And it gets worse. The insurgent Muslims apparently believe they can do whatever they want because Chirac is so weak in the face of the provocation, they're pretty much correct. As I said, Chirac won't even use the military to protect lives and property.
Meantime, back here in the USA, we have our own immigration mess as everybody knows. The difference here is that we have a vibrant economy in which illegal aliens can make money.
But the same kind of chaos in place simply can't allow millions of foreign born people to pour into any country without a well through out plan to assimilate them.
The Bush administration and the Clinton administration before it have failed to confront the immigration chaos. The result, 9/11 was caused by Muslims who overstayed their visas and recently New Mexico and Arizona have declared states of emergency.
We're living in a very dangerous world where fanatics and terrorists abound. France has buried its head in the sand and now has a disaster on its hands.
America has done the same thing on immigration. Is our disaster just around the corner? And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
No "Most Ridiculous Item" on November 7.

