Hillary Clinton and the left-wing press, that's the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
There's no question that Senator Clinton has a major ally in the so- called elite media, which is in step with her big government philosophy and her social liberalism. But today, The New York Times announced that it is changing its format and will try to become less ideological on its news pages. Not good news for Mrs. Clinton.
The paper also said it will respond more aggressively to its critics, not good news for me. For The New York Times to acknowledge, to even acknowledge there could be a problem is a good first step. We need honest media. We need No Spin information in this very complicated world.
"Talking Points" has no problem with any paper having a liberal or conservative editorial page. That's valid. But slanting the news to match the editorials is dishonest. And we'll continue to call people on it.
Now, the collapse of newspapers like The Los Angeles Times, is a good example of regular folks just saying enough. Most Americans don't want to hear their country's a bad place every two minutes. Most Americans don't sympathize with terrorists. Most Americans feel the Abu Ghraib (search) story was overplayed and they don't want a homosexual agenda taught in public schools. Most Americans don't think religion is bad. They don't like the ACLU (search) and they want illegal immigration brought under control. So it's obvious that most Americans are not in sync with the big liberal media, which, you'll remember, went big for John Kerry. -- Look who's sitting in the White House.
Enter Hillary Clinton, who wants to sit in the White House. In her Newsweek column this week, liberal Anna Quindlen gushes over Mrs. Clinton, describing her as a moderate.
Well, in Quindlen's world, she probably is a moderate. But for the rest of us, Senator Clinton's support for partial birth abortion, votes against parental notification and the violence against the unborn acts put her squarely on the left.
That's what I mean about the left-wing media. To them, social issues like unfettered abortion, pro-gay instruction in public schools -- we'll deal with that in a moment -- and a banishment of public spirituality aren't radical. They're taking for granted. And if you don't see it that way, you're the extremist, not them.
Now to be fair, Senator Clinton should be allowed to redefine herself, but what she puts out there should be scrutinized. Summing up: we're happy The New York Times is trying to become more fair and balanced, if you will, but talk is cheap. And both politics and the media will see what really goes down.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "Most Ridiculous Item of the Day"...
We hope all you moms out there had a great day yesterday. Now let's talk about Dad...
Because the "No Spin Mom" mugs sold out so quickly we have ordered tens of thousands of "No Spin Dad" and granddad mugs. So please order early, because we expect these to sell out, as well.
In addition, we have a light jacket -- whoa! Who is that guy? -- Light jacket, American flag, "No Spin" underneath it, great. T-shirts and hats. A standard "Spin Stops Here" doormat. That's the classic right there. And signed books, all of that for Father's Day.
And all of this stuff's made in the USA, of course. A good portion of the proceeds go to charity. Everybody wins, especially Dad -- who needs a win every now and then. Doesn't he?
One caveat, the "No Spin Dad" and granddad mugs are not to be given in any circumstances to wimpy guys! That would be ridiculous. Got to be No-Spin guys to get them. Don't be shaking your head over there...

