How the ACLU is putting you and your family in danger, that is the subject of evening's Talking Points Memo.
The New York Times ran an article on Thursday chronicling infighting at the American Civil Liberties Union. Talking Points does not care. What we do care about is Peter Lewis, the chairman of Progressive Insurance, donating $8.5 million to the ACLU, that combined with the millions George Soros gives the outfit allows the ACLU to cause all kinds of havoc.
Now, if you don't know that the ACLU is an anti-American organization by this time, you're never going to know. Nevertheless, I will list its agenda once again.
The ACLU opposes virtually every aspect of The Patriot Act, which is designed to give U.S. authorities more latitude to stop terrorism. The ACLU wants more photos from Abu Ghraib released. The organization is suing the CIA, opposing the Defense Department over detainees at Guantanamo and objects to coerced interrogation of high-ranking terrorists. The ACLU has filed suits against the Boy Scouts, a variety of Christmas displays, and attempts to stop children from accessing porn at libraries
The ACLU is defending the North American Man Boy Love Association free in a Massachusetts lawsuit, and has supported the legalization of live sex acts in Oregon. The ACLU opposes parental notification in abortion cases involving their underage daughters, opposes restrictions on late term abortions, opposes doctors informing police about possible statutory rape in abortion cases.
The ACLU opposes the Minutemen on the border, exposition of the Ten Commandments in the courtroom, and is against no-fly lists to discourage terrorists from boarding airlines.
Is that enough? I got more.
In my opinion, the ACLU puts all of us in danger, wants to tear down traditional America and replace it with a so-called progressive society. And worst of all, worst of all, is aiding worldwide terrorism by opposing virtually all U.S. attempts to combat it.
I say the ACLU leadership are traitors, but that's solely my opinion. Legally, the ACLU has a right to exist, but you have a right to object to it. Lewis and Soros are the main moneymen, but the Ford Foundation gives them millions and some celebrities help them out.
Take note of these people. They are definitely not looking out for you.
And that's the Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day," some media stuff. Our brand new www.billoreilly.com poll question is would it be smart for CBS to hire Katie Couric as the anchor of the "Evening News"? Would it be smart for CBS to hire Katie Couric as the anchor of the "Evening News"? Yes or no.
And also, I'd like to thank the Los Angeles Times for correcting its assertion that John Gibson and I called for a boycott of stores not using the phrase "Merry Christmas." We did not. "The Times" acknowledged its mistake today.
This is the 10th time this year that a newspaper has had to issue a correction pertaining to something about me. And the reason is many papers are hungry to criticize this broadcast.
Of course we find that ridiculous. You, however, may not.
Copyright © 2005 Imaginova Corp. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

