

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Unresolved Problem" segment tonight, it seems every day there's another controversy at some big American college, so here we go again. At the University of California-San Diego (search), they have student-run TV which is broadcast in the dorms. The college funds it, students produce it, and now there's trouble. Apparently, one of the programs featured sex between a student and an unidentified woman.
With us now here in Los Angeles is Steve York who was the guy in the video and, from San Diego, Chelsea Welch, the general manager of student-run TV at U.C. San Diego.
So, Ms. Welch, you guys are in trouble. The university doesn't like this, and they...
CHELSEA WELCH, STUDENT-RUN TV MANAGER: Right.
O'REILLY: ... feel it's embarrassing. And what say you?
WELCH: Well, you know, honestly, I think this is something that the students really dictate since it is their television station. It's not really something for the administration to be concerned about. The students are the ones who pay for this service, and the students are the ones who utilize this service.
O'REILLY: Yes, but it's on the...
WELCH: So, if anyone has anything to say...
O'REILLY: It's on the campus. It's on the campus...
WELCH: Right.
O'REILLY: ... in the dorms, which is all paid for by the taxpayers of California, and, all of a sudden, you've got the sex video going on, and you don't understand why the college is embarrassed? I mean, it's a big school and...
WELCH: No, I can see why the college is embarrassed, but I don't necessarily see why they necessarily have the right to be embarrassed since this is something that students really, really control.
O'REILLY: How about you? Are you embarrassed?
WELCH: No, I'm not. I think SRTV has done the right thing in this situation. We open our doors to all student orgs on campus. The Koala was an org that approached us and wanted to have a television show, and, just like we offer the same service to anyone else...
O'REILLY: All right. So if I'm — if I'm a student, I can come on your student-run TV and pretty much do anything I want?
WELCH: Absolutely.
O'REILLY: All right. That's a fairly libertine attitude, Mr. York, and you took good advantage of it, didn't you? I mean, don't you understand — I don't know why you did this, first of all, because your face is there and you're on there and you're doing porn, and — why do you want to do that and — I mean, you're a bright, young guy. Don't you want to have a job someday? You want this tape to follow you around all over the place?
STEVE YORK, U.C. SAN DIEGO STUDENT: Actually, it's kind of funny, as I've received a number of job opportunities and interviews.
O'REILLY: Yes, but are those the kind of jobs you want, sir?
YORK: I'm open to anything right now.
O'REILLY: You know — how old are you?
YORK: Twenty-one.
O'REILLY: All right. You're 21. When you're 31, you're going to look — you know, you're going to look back on this and go, look, I was an idiot because this isn't...
YORK: I'm always going to be proud of it. I'm proud that...
O'REILLY: Why? Why? What are you proud of? Tell me what you're proud of.
YORK: I'm proud that I can go out there and express my sexuality in a fun way that students enjoy.
O'REILLY: So everybody can watch you having sex with some...
YORK: You can always change the channel.
O'REILLY: No. I mean — but why do you want to do that? Are you an exhibitionist?
YORK: To some degree. I've been doing shows on SRTV for close to four years now, taking live calls, interacting with the student populace. I'm editor of The Koala (search), one of UCSD's more infamous papers and I would imagine one of the infamous papers in the country.
O'REILLY: Yes, but there's a difference between having fun and...
YORK: Right.
O'REILLY: ... you know, being creative and doing something like this which — for what purpose? Why — for somebody else's voyeuristic amusement?
YORK: It really wasn't a sexual...
O'REILLY: Yes, it was.
YORK: It was a sexual act, but the response from the students was not that it's sexual. It was that it was funny.
O'REILLY: Come on.
YORK: People weren't sitting...
O'REILLY: Look — look...
YORK: People weren't sitting back and getting turned on by it. They were laughing about it. It was a real social situation.
O'REILLY: OK, but it was you — it was you doing intimate, private things...
YORK: Right.
O'REILLY: ... in public on a taxpayer-funded campus...
YORK: Right.
O'REILLY: ... and I'm not understanding why you would do that. Why do you want to do that? For what reason?
YORK: I am an entertainer, and thousands of...
O'REILLY: You're an entertainer?
YORK: I am an entertainer, and thousands of students read The Koala. We go through 8,000 issues in a two-day period of hand-to-hand distribution, and thousands of students watch SRTV.
O'REILLY: All right. So you did it because you're an entertainer. Now...
YORK: I am an entertainer.
O'REILLY: Do you want to go up to the San Fernando Valley and get into the porn industry?
YORK: It's something I would consider.
O'REILLY: You would consider that. All right. All right.
Ms. Welch...
WELCH: Yes.
O'REILLY: You know, Mr. York has to live his life, and, if he wants to do this kind of stuff, I guess he can do it. But, if I were the chancellor of San Diego, I'd shut your operation down because I don't think you're being responsible because I don't think most taxpayers really want this to happen. Am I wrong?
WELCH: Well, like I said, I don't really think — if you were the chancellor, it wouldn't really be your call since this is something that students directly pay for. I know you're saying that this is — it's a public university. Therefore, the taxpayers' dollars...
O'REILLY: Yes. No matter — no matter what...
WELCH: ... come into it.
O'REILLY: ... the chancellor has the last call.
WELCH: I see what you're saying there.
O'REILLY: The chancellor has the last call over student behavior in all areas.
WELCH: She will definitely have to...
O'REILLY: It will be interesting to see what he does. It will be interesting to see what he does.
And we appreciate you guys coming on in.
YORK: Thank you.
O'REILLY: Appreciate it.


