As we predicted, the Iraqi insurgents are killing as many people as possible in the days before the American election. The terrorists want to damage the Bush administration. And so does the left-wing press. They are pounding the Iraq mess furiously so Americans will vote for the Democrats.
Now there's no question that analysis is true, but I don't want anyone to think that the left-wing press is on the side of the terrorists. They are not. But both groups do despise President Bush. No question. And the Bush administration bears some responsibility for that.
After three and a half years, Iraq's more dangerous than ever. We've spent billions. Thousands of soldiers have died. More than 10,000 have been injured. And what do we have to show for it? Chaos, that's what.
So how should Americans process all this? Well, we can't be happy about the Iraq situation. And at this point, only the Iraqis can save themselves. We simply cannot control 26 million people with 150,000 troops.
If the Iraqis do not demand and fight for justice and freedom, they're not going to get it. But it's vital to remember that the USA is not the bad guy here. Our intent was noble to establish a democracy in Iraq that would help us fight the worldwide jihad.
Now the far left is not going to admit that and that angers me. They continue to say the Bush administration lied and deceived. You can make an argument the Bush administration is not competent, but calling it evil as many of these loons do is simply irresponsible.
Finally, I asked David Letterman last night if he wanted the USA to win in Iraq. He wouldn't answer. That's the same thing that happened when I put the same question to Rosie O'Donnell. Talking Points simply cannot figure that out. A stable Iraq helps everyone in the world and badly damages the terrorists and Iraq. That's why the killers are blowing stuff up. They don't want a stable Iraq.
But we should want a stable Iraq, even though it may be impossible. I hope not.
Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
The As I mentioned up top, I taped the Oprah program here in Chicago today and I have to say it's the best program I've ever been on. The show will run on Friday and features a town meeting about my new book "Culture Warrior".
Is Oprah a "T" warrior or an "S-P" — secular-progressive? We'll find out on Friday. That was a really good experience, and that is never ridiculous.

