

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: Our top story, one of the Minutemen who lived to tell the tale, joining us now from Los Angeles, Marvin Stewart, who was verbally assaulted last night at Columbia University. All right, let's walk through it from top to bottom. I guess a Republican organization at Columbia invited you guys to speak. You show up on campus, take us through it.
MARVIN STEWART, MINUTEMAN PROJECT: Well, Mr. Chris Collawick, the president of the Columbian Republican Assembly, invited Jim Gilchrist, myself, and Dr. Corsi to speak at Columbia University. We were concerned, so we did go through the arrangements, prior to the event taking place with respect to security. We were assured that the faculty, that the university, would have adequate security for us at the university. As a result, that was a misnomer, and that was not true. I opened up the event last night with an hour-long speech. But when I opened up, as I always do, stating that I acknowledged God, give him the glory and Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior, because what I was planning to do was set a backdrop for Jim and Dr. Corsi, to bring their presentation.
O'REILLY: You are up there, and you got your message out, OK? So you leave the podium and then Gilchrist goes on, and he did not even start before they surged forward. Is that what happened?
STEWART: Prior to Jim coming out, and were throwing of racial epithets out there toward me.
O'REILLY: What did they say?
STEWART: The N-word. I'm not going to dignify it on air, right now, Bill. The N-word, sell-out, you name it, they said it.
O'REILLY: All right, they are harassing you verbally.
STEWART: Oh, they were trying to shout me down. But I was only emboldened to continue what I am doing. Because of the fact that it was apparent that these were undisciplined students, and that is the reason why they do not know anything. They know nothing about how this government operates. And to attempt to violate my First Amendment rights to speak was a disservice, not only to themselves but the university as well.
O'REILLY: Oh, Columbia University, as I said in the "Talking Points," is a disgrace. Because it's their obligation to protect you and keep the forum under control. Now, I understand there were Columbia police there. What did they do?
STEWART: Stood by. It wasn't until afterwards, after I had spoke, I finished. It was an hour after speaking, Jim Gilchrist had come up to the podium and said -- he was into his speech of about seven minutes. And I went to the table because we were setting ourselves up for Q&A. At that point in time, a couple of the protesters came up on my right side, and they had a banner. I understand the banner had Arabic writing on it and Spanish writing on the banner. I was informed that the Arabic writing stated that the holocaust did not happen.
O'REILLY: We know there was a banner, we did not know what it said. Were you ever in fear of your physical safety?
STEWART: I surely was, because at that time, about 40 persons from the audience rushed the stage. At that time, I got up, they knocked the podium over where Jim was at, I got up and I went into a defensive mode. I was going to do whatever it took for me to do to protect myself.
O'REILLY: Absolutely. You are not going to let these 40 people come at you, you have to do you have to do. We did a little investigating today. The protest people that caused most of the trouble are from a socialist group.
STEWART: Socialist group?
O'REILLY: They're a socialist group from Columbia. One of the quotes from their leader was: "These are racist individuals," the Minutemen, "heading a project that terrorizes immigrants on the U.S.-Mexican border. They have no right to be able to speak here."
So, this is what you're getting. But Lee Bollinger, the president of Columbia was invited on this program tonight to explain how this could happen at his university. This is not the first time this happened there. This is a radial-left university. Bollinger is hiding under his desk, as he always does. I'll tell you what, you have a lot of courage to go into that forum. I did speak at Columbia a couple of years ago, I would not go back. I think it is that bad. It's that out of control. I will give you the last word.
STEWART: Well, Columbia University, one, is going to have to be held accountable for allowing this kind of behavior to take place on campus. I'm a former adviser for the California colleges, here in the state of California. I sat on the seat there, and to allow this kind of conduct -- and also student body president -- to allow this conduct to go forth, which is pervasive in all of our -- I noticed in the educational institutions across the United States, there's a mindset a foot in this nation here to indoctrinate our children into this way of life, this culture, to be anti-American, anti-patriotic.
O'REILLY: You bet. Listen. They not want to hear the other side, and if you disagree with them, a lot of these people, they will try to hurt you.
STEWART: That's right.
O'REILLY: Mr. Stewart, we're glad you're OK, and thank you for coming on the program.


