Who are you? That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points" Memo.
If you want to buy cigarettes in America — you got to show an ID. If you want to get on an airplane — photo ID required. If you want to enter buildings here in Los Angeles — you got it — photo ID. But if you want to go to vote, no ID required.
Over a week ago, the House passed the Federal Election Integrity Act of 2006, which would change the ID situation so that all Americans would have to have a photo ID if they wanted to vote in the 2008 presidential election.
According to a Wall Street Journal poll, 81 percent of Americans favor a photo ID at the polls. Eighty-one percent. That's because Americans don't want voter fraud. It's as simple as that.
But there is bitter opposition to the photo IDs from the far left. Even though the bill would require states to provide free ID cards to the poor, the far left still doesn't want the law.
Why?
Well, some believe the far left wants illegal aliens to be able to vote. Other say election chaos favors the Democrats.
"Talking Points" simply doesn't understand the opposition. If the government's going to give you the free ID card, what's the problem?
This week, the usual suspects editorialize against the photo ID. The Washington Post, The Atlanta Journal Constitution, Denver Post, Baltimore Sun, Louisville Courier Journal, Oregonian, Kansas City Star, San Francisco Chronicle, and of course the L.A. and New York Times — all of those papers are committed to far-left enterprises and they all say the same thing: That a photo ID law discriminates against the poor because the poor can't afford the ID. All the editorials say that. But the ID is free.
So once again, ladies and gentlemen, we have far left group think misleading you about an important issue.
Right now in America, there are an estimated 12 million illegal aliens. Some of these people have voted in the past. That's been proven here in southern California in the Robert Dornan-Loretta Sanchez race, where Ms. Sanchez won and hundreds of illegals voted for her in violation of the law, according to an investigation.
So maybe that's it. Maybe the far left wants to court illegal aliens. But once again, I don't know. All I know is the opposition to photo IDs for voters is beyond ridiculous.
And that's The Memo.
Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
As I mentioned, one of the reasons we're here in L.A. is because I'm appearing on Jay Leno program this evening. And on the show with me will be Jessica Simpson.
Now, if you're hearing Jay is setting up a debate with me and Ms. Simpson on geopolitics, that's a jest. But I am looking forward to meeting her. I'll tell you about it on Monday. And of course, jousting with Jay.
Also, you might want to check out BillOReilly.com this weekend for two reasons. First, E.D. Hill and Lis Wiehl interview me about my new book "Culture Warrior." And even if you don't care about the book, the exchange is very entertaining.
Secondly, our BillOReilly.com poll question: Did Bill Clinton feign indignation with Chris Wallace, or was he truly teed off? Did Bill Clinton feign indignation with Chris Wallace, or was he truly angry?
Finally, I want to thank everybody who's made "Culture Warrior" a big hit already. Please check it out this weekend if you haven't. And even if you don't want to read the book, just look at the pictures. Just go to the book store and look at the pictures. We have great shots in that book.
And not too many books do that, but I wanted to illustrate everything I tell you about the culture war with pictures. So you'll see where I live, where I grew up. You'll see the ACLU letter they sent me. It's great.
Ridiculous? You make the call.

