The former president of Iran, Mohammad Khatami is speaking at the National Cathedral in D.C. tonight. He's currently on a tour of the USA. He'll talk at Harvard Sunday night.
As Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney stated here last night, he will not provide security for Khatami because he believes the guy is a terrorist enabler.
But the liberal Boston Globe, whose publisher is stepping down due to declining circulation, said this today: "It is bad enough that Romney did not distinguish between Khatami, the well-known partisan of a dialogue of civilizations, with Iran's current president, the belligerent Holocaust denier, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. Some reactionaries in this country may want to obscure the stark differences between (the two)."
Now first of all, I don't know what a partisan of a dialogue of civilizations is. Call me dumb, but I have no clue what that is. I do know that this Khatami is a bad guy. Writing in The Washington Post today, Felice Gaer and Nina Shea, who work for the U.S. Commission on International Religious freedom state: "Khatami held office as President from 1997 to 2005 while religious minorities faced systematic harassment, discrimination, imprisonment, torture, and even execution because of their religious beliefs.
Also on Khatami's watch, Iran funded Hezbollah terrorists, harbored Al Qaeda killers, began illegally working on nuclear weapons. But again, The Boston Globe says he's an OK guy.
Now this is a huge problem in America. We simply will not define our enemies. Would I let Khatami talk at the National Cathedral? No, it's an insult to that holy building. Would I let him speak at Harvard and the University of Virginia? Yes, but those schools would have to pick up to the tab for any expense of the public. You want them you pay for them.
Today, the Islamic fascists released more video of bin Laden purportedly getting ready for the 9/11 sneak attack. The kind of footage is not condemned in the Arab world, or in Europe, or in Russia, or in China.
In fact, the French Prime Minister Villepin even denies there is a War on Terror, as do some far-left Americans. So let's be honest — many people are simply not going to fight terror or even recognize the bad guys no matter what.
This is the big story four days before the fifth anniversary of 9/11. And for all the death, destruction, threats and barbaric behavior the Islamic terrorists have caused, after all the trouble Iran has implemented, its former president speaks at the National Cathedral this evening and is accepted by some in the left-wing press as an OK guy. God help us.
And that's "The Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
A short promo for our 9/11 special next Monday right here, 8 p.m. ET. Instead of going down to Ground Zero and doing a look back, we're going to have a number of stories that zero in on bin Laden, where he is, why we can't get him, that kind of thing.
Also some troubling things going on inside some of the 9/11 families. We're working on those stories, as well.
Nothing wrong with a look back. You know, everybody is going to be down there at 9/11, down at Ground Zero. But I think it's the story of our time. And we want to bring you new information on Monday. That's what we're going to do. And that's never ridiculous. We hope you tune in.

