This incredible story involves Rush Limbaugh, the prosecutor who made his life miserable, a wealthy Democrat suspected of having sex with a minor, and the Palm Beach police chief who believes the aforementioned prosecutor is protecting the suspect.
We'll begin at the beginning. Florida State Attorney Barry Krischer of Palm Beach County aggressively prosecuted Rush Limbaugh for illegally obtaining prescription drugs, at one time even demanding Limbaugh's private medical records. Subsequently a treatment option settled the case.
Then Palm Beach authorities embarrassed Limbaugh by publicizing a legal medical prescription he held which was discovered by authorities checking him after a private plane flight.
Now some people, including me, believe malice was involved in the Limbaugh situation and suspicion falls on Krischer, a committed Democrat. Now the prosecutor is in the middle of a far more serious controversy. Palm Beach police chief Michael Reiter has asked Krischer to remove himself from the case of suspected sex offender Jeffrey Epstein.
Chief Reiter believes that Krischer is in the tank for Epstein, a very wealthy businessman who has donated more than $100,000 to Democrat candidates including Hillary Clinton and Chuck Schumer.
Reiter wants to charge Epstein with four counts of unlawful sexual conduct with a minor. Police believe Epstein brought girls as young as 14 to his mansion for sex and when they raided his home they found hidden cameras, pictures of underage girls and a girl's high school transcript.
But state attorney Krischer rejected chief Reiter's suggestion and brought the case to a grand jury which returned only a prostitute charge against Epstein. Chief Reiter is outraged. Krischer denies any wrongdoing but surely he knows that Epstein has hired a batter of attorneys including Alan Dershowitz to try and discredit the young girls who are accusing him. The dirt is flying in Palm Beach.
As for Chief Reiter, he has handed his evidence over to the FBI because he believes Krischer will not prosecute the case honestly. This whole thing reminds us of Florida State Attorney Brad King who would not prosecute the people who aided the killer of Jessica Lunsford, John Couey.
Politics does play a role in local prosecutions, no question about it. And when you examine how much time and effort state attorney Krischer put into trying to ruin Rush Limbaugh as opposed to what he's doing now in the far more serious case of Jeffrey Epstein? Many, many questions come to mind and none of those questions reflect well on Barry Krischer.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
A new Zogby poll asked Americans a number of questions about pop culture as opposed to how the country works.
The results were predictably not pretty. Here's the best example. Seventy-four percent of us can identify the long-dead Three Stooges: Moe, Larry and Curly. But only 42 percent of Americans could name the three branches of government: the executive, the president; legislative, Congress; and judicial, the courts.
Ridiculous? Well, some might say the Three Stooges are well represented in our branch of government. You make the call.

