Editor's Note: This edition of Bill O'Reilly's Talking Points Memo originally aired on May 17, 2006. It aired again on June 30, 2006
Did the foreign secretary of Mexico actually threaten the USA? That's the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
Millions of Canadians aren't illegally crossing the northern border into America. That's because Canada has a good economy, a strong middle class and a workable society. Mexico has none of those things, despite having fabulous wealth in the form of oil and other fossil fuels and two spectacular coastlines, where tourists flock.
But because of the incredible corruption throughout Mexico, 40 percent of its citizens live below the poverty line and few foreign investors will put money into that country because they have to bribe so many people to get anything done.
Thus, Mexico exports its poverty problem to the USA. The government down there will not fix the corruption, so we have to suffer the chaos.
After hearing President Bush order 6,000 National Guard troops to the southern border earlier this week, Mexico's Foreign Secretary Luis Ernesto Derbez, went on a radio program in Mexico and said, "If there is a real wave of rights abuses, if we see the National Guard starting to directly participate in detaining people, we would immediately start filing lawsuits through our consulates."
OK then, Mr. Secretary, here's a No Spin message right back to you. If the Mexican government files one lawsuit in the USA, one, pertaining to the National Guard, I will call for a total boycott of Mexican goods and no travel to your country.
Now that might sound presumptuous and I don't mean to be threatening, but enough's enough. It is your government's fault, Sir, that there is border chaos. We in America have a right to security and a right to expect our immigration laws be enforced. So once again, any action by the Mexican government that impacts border security and the USA will be met with a boycott call. And if you don't believe me or you think it doesn't matter, Mr. Secretary, why don't you give the French ambassador a call? He'll fill you in.
I mean, come on, how much nonsense do we have to absorb? The USA has been a great friend to Mexico. American taxpayers pick up a $68 billion a year tab for all the immigration mess. Mexico has an obligation to work with our National Guard, not sue it. Mexico has an obligation to help its own people by creating a vibrant, honest economy.
There's no reason Canada should be prosperous and Mexico not. No reason on this earth.
And by the way, Mr. Secretary, you're welcome on “The Factor” any time.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Earlier this week we told you about the three women in Florida who were killed by alligators all within a week. Well, yesterday, Candy Fry found a 'gator attacking her golden retriever on the porch of her Bradenton home.
Ms. Frey, a former Marine, grabbed her gun and shot the 'gator dead. A good move, right? Well, not according to the cops. They cited her for — ready? Hunting without a license. Not making it up! Of course it's ridiculous.

