A coalition of sympathetic media and open border activists has counterattacked effectively, as Congress tries to hammer out a bill that would get illegal immigration under control.
Millions of demonstrators are on the march, demanding U.S. citizenship for illegal aliens. And overall, the media is very sympathetic to the demonstrators, who generally believe that everybody has a right to come to America.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think it's important that we support the immigrants here and they're not criminals.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is awakening us to the government and hopefully send a — some sort of a signal and maybe scare them a little.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We want to be legal now.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, what's happening in the debate is deplorable. Number one, if you want to secure the border and hold illegal aliens accountable for breaking immigration law, you're inhumane. You're inhumane.
Americans seeking strict enforcement of immigration laws are bad people, and even worse, conservatives.
But the open border crowd is humane and holistic. Just read The New York Times and other left wing outlets.
Well, "Talking Points" is fed up with the bull. So here's the truth: The Kennedy-McCain bill would not secure the border or stop rampant illegal entry. The bill provides for more border patrol agents, but little else on the security side. The Frist bill's a bit tougher, but not much. So at this point, the Senate simply doesn't want to secure the border, period.
And the press in general applauds. For example, writing in The Denver Post, our pal Cindy Rodriguez says, "When I think of all that undocumented workers do for us, I don't feel fear. I feel gratitude."
And don't you dare disagree with Ms. Rodriguez. If you do, you're a bigot.
She writes, "Hate groups like the Aryan Nation spew vitriol about the 'illegal invasion' in e-mail blasts. Bill O'Reilly and Lou Dobbs drone on about 'illegals' every night. These distinct groups use the same language. It's an orchestrated effort designed to instill fear in Americans."
So now, Mr. Dobbs and I are simpatico with the Nazis, according to Miss Rodriguez.
We've been through this before with that woman, who is a flat-out dishonest correspondent. And The Denver Post knows it. And Rodriguez is not alone. That kind of rubbish is printed all the time by people who can't possibly win the debate, so they demonize people with opposing points of view.
It is long past time for Americans to reject that kind of tactic and demand their government enforce current immigration laws or make new ones! But don't make the mistake of directing your ire toward individuals. Illegal aliens are basically honest hard-working people, but again, they have no right to be here.
However, the federal government has allowed millions of illegal aliens to enter the country. And the media has basically supported that choice. Anarchy is the result.
So let's stop the nonsense. Secure the borders, develop a national ID card for those entitled to work in this country, and establish a disciplined guest worker program. That is a responsibility of Congress and the president.
Finally, let it be done.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
As some of you know, I was on vacation last week. Did you miss me? I was lucky enough to go to the Bahamas for a little snorkling and splashing around. Lots of "Factor" fans down there. We were treated very well. I recommend the islands for anyone who likes nice beaches and pristine water.
We had a great time, and that's not ridiculous, unless you're a real grouch which, of course, I'm not.

