Understanding the Democrats. A new Fox News/Opinion Dynamics poll says President Bush's job approval rating stands at 40 percent -- 52 percent disprove. That's a five-point improvement since May, the death of Zarqawi most likely helped the president.
But it's clear that the Democrats still have an advantage right now as most Americans are not happy with the Bush administration. So my question is: Why are the Dems squandering that advantage?
This week in D.C. the far-left group, Campaign for America's Future, held a convention of sorts and just about every big name Democrat showed up. As you may know, Hillary Clinton was booed when she said cutting and running in Iraq would be dumb. That's how radical this future group is.
If you don't believe me, here's more backup: The crazy left Air America network partnered up with America's Future for the week. They don't come any nuttier than Air America. Here's what one of them said after Zarqawi went down.
(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)
RANDI RHODES, AIR AMERICA RADIO: Even the White House press secretary says this today at the press briefing. He says if you look at some of the Al Qaeda memos to Zarqawi, where you had direct pleas — will you please top beheading people? It's bad P.R. I think you have to say to yourself, my God, Al Qaeda is telling Zarqawi to cut the crap with the killing of the Iraqis. And yet, we haven't cut the crap with the killing of the Iraqis.
(END AUDIO CLIP)
Now, most Americans reject that kind of radicalism and will not vote for anyone associated with it. Why, then, do people like Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, John Kerry, Ed Rendell and others associate themselves with those kinds of people? I just don't get it.
Even though most Americans believe the country's not in good shape right now, most Americans do not hate President Bush. But the "Take Back the America" crowd is full of Bush haters and people who routinely reject all but far-left thought.
So once again, "Talking Points" has a strong message for the Democratic Party: If you associate with these far-left haters, you'll lose.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
You may remember that Florida prosecutor, Brad King, would not charge the housemates of John Couey with any crimes.
Couey is charged with murdering 9-year-old Jessica Lunsford, and his housemates apparently lied to police when they were hunting for Jessica. Also, too, the housemates actually helped Couey escape to Georgia, where he was ultimately caught.
Now, we thought that whole thing was outrageous. We thought those housemates should have been charged. But some in the Florida media personally attacked us for that opinion, and the beat goes on.
Writing in the Ocala Star-Banner, which is owned by the New York Times, Bill Thompson says I'm a hypocrite for questioning the Duke rape case prosecution, but demanding Brad King do his job. Thompson takes some of that information from a hate Bill O'Reilly website, which is standard procedure for lazy and unfair journalists.
But the important thing here is Thompson's support of Brad King and his belief that Couey's housemates should skate. Ridiculous, off the chart, but that's what's going on down in central Florida. They're in the tank for Brad King.

