The media is making a big deal out of a report that the Pentagon has been planning a military scenario, in case Iran will not stop its nuclear weapons program. Apparently, that has horrified some in the press. But, once again, the outrage is phony and political, designed to denigrate the Bush administration.
I mean, come on. If the Pentagon isn't studying military options against Iran, President Bush should be impeached. Iran presents a huge threat to America, does it not?
On Monday, that country announced it has enriched uranium for the first time, a key step towards developing nuclear weaponry. Of course, diplomacy has to be given every chance. But, if it fails, the USA might have to use force against Iran. So, planning for every contingency is a must, is it not?
So, what's the big deal here? Planning is planning. And the Bush administration has a responsibility to examine worst-case scenarios. The press hysteria over this is a joke. Any president, short of Howard Dean, would want to know the military options.
"Talking Points" has stated that there are some Americans who would allow Iran to develop nukes and do nothing, and some of those people are members of the media. But the larger issue is for the anti-Bush press to continue capitalizing on the Iraq mess and pound the administration into pudding by painting a "Dr. Strangelove" scenario. You have to see that movie to know what I'm talking about, but it's out-of-control military.
Now, there is no question that the Bush administration has made tactical errors in the Iraq war. And now those errors are being used by the Bush haters to undermine any future military action. This, of course, is extremely dangerous.
Iran, as I said, is a very real threat. And if you think the U.N. is going to stand up to that threat, you need to get Dorothy and Toto off your front lawn. The time has come for all Americans to be honest. The Iraq military campaign has not gone well. That's the truth, but it's still winnable. And a victory would be good for the USA in the overall war on terror. That's the truth.
Iran's government wants to hurt Americans. Thus, allowing them nukes is reckless. That's the truth. And, finally, the anti-Bush media is relentless in trying to undermine the president, and will not stop, no matter what the issue. Again, truthfully, that puts us all in grave danger.
And that's The Memo.
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Air America CEO Danny Goldberg has been replaced as the deathwatch continues on that ridiculous network. The radical radio fest is being propped up by far left millionaires, because it cannot make enough money to support itself.
The federal elections people should look into Air America, because it is obviously not a viable commercial enterprise. It is simply there to help liberal political candidates.
Also, there is a rumor of another primetime shakeup at MSNBC. In the past seven years that disaster has declined 63 percent in the primetime ratings, while FOX News has increased 86 percent.
Ridiculous? Not to us.

