According to the Inland Valley Daily Bulletin, the Border Patrol has apprised Mexican authorities of exactly where Minutemen are setting up their surveillance of illegal entries on American soil.
Today, the Border Patrol denied that. But reporter Sara Carter says Mexico's secretary of foreign relations has posted documents on his Web site that show the border patrol is providing Minutemen information to his office. And Wednesday on "The Radio Factor," Border Patrol Union President T.J. Bonner backed up Ms. Carter's report:
(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)
O'REILLY: What's the truth here Mr. Bonner? Did the border patrol tip Mexican authorities about the location of the Minutemen?
T.J. BONNER, NATIONAL BORDER PATROL COUNCIL: Of course they did. They admitted it initially. And now, in typical Washington spin, they're claiming that that's not what they said.
O'REILLY: Why would the U.S. government cooperate with Mexican authorities in this way?
BONNER: I have no idea. That is so unprecedented.
(END AUDIO CLIP)
Well, in just a few moments the Border Patrol will reply. But this is a very troubling situation. There is no question Mexican authorities are not stopping the rampant illegal drug trafficking and out of control illegal entries from Mexican soil, no question at all. The latest statistics, 2004, say 1.1 million human beings were apprehended by the U.S. border patrol trying to illegally enter the U.S.A. It's estimated more than two million people made it into this country. Drug arrests on the border in 2004 were 41 percent higher than 2003. More than two million pounds of narcotics seized. Now, those kinds of numbers couldn't possibly happen without the complicity of the Mexican government.
In my opinion, Mexican authorities are actively helping the smugglers. Thus, if the Bush administration is informing on a legitimate protest of the border chaos -- the Minutemen -- this is a huge story, enormous! The White House may not understand it, but there's a deep anger on the part of most Americans that our borders remain unsecured. The pro-amnesty people can demonstrate all they want, but they're outnumbered about four to one by Americans who resent the continuing irresponsibility on the part of both the U.S. and Mexican governments regarding the border issue.
The federal government must stop the nonsense and fix this problem now. Allegedly informing on the Minutemen is just symptomatic of how out of control this problem really is.
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
I'm not much of a golfer, no patience, but I do find myself in the magazine Golf World this month. The editors were kind enough to mention the "Spin Stops Here" golf balls.
But look at that caricature [from the article]. Come on, will you?
All right. We have these "No Spin" golf balls —"Spin Stops Here" golf balls, I should say, on billoreilly.com, very hot item this spring, Titelist balls, the best. They travel far and true. — Caricature.
As you may know, all the proceeds I get from billoreilly.com go to worth charities, so if you tee off with those balls, you're doing some good for the world, which is never ridiculous.

