There's a group in America putting forth that President Bush is behind worldwide terrorism and engineered the murder of 3,000 Americans on 9/11. Of course, there's no evidence to back that up.
One of the slandermen, Kevin Barrett, currently teaching a class at the University of Wisconsin. So the taxpayers of that state are paying this crazy guy. Obviously, there are no academic standards at UW and Chancellor John Wiley should be ashamed.
Now last night, a former University of Minnesota professor, a friend of Barrett's, who also believes the president is a murderer, came on "The Factor". And I hammered him:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: You can't get any legitimate news organization in the world to put stuff anywhere because it's all bogus. And I don't care whether you're a Marine officer. You're disgracing the Marine Corps by what you're doing. You hate your country. You accuse a man of a murder — of being a murderer, President Bush. And you know, if I were Bush, I'd take a look at you, professor. I'd definitely take a look at you. Just like Sami Al-Arian.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
In response to that segment, we received thousands of e-mail's, including this one from Vera and Jim Boucher, who live in Modesto, California:
"Bill, we feel very strongly you were very rude to Jim Fetzer. Yes, he is an idiot, but he deserves civility."
The Bouchers are partly right. I was rude, but they are wrong that Fetzer deserves civility. He deserves condemnation.
Far-left secular progressives may not make judgments, but I do. And my judgment is that anyone accusing a fellow American of mass murder better have undeniable facts to back it up. I am fed up with these America haters hiding behind a free speech.
Ward Churchill calling those Americans killed on 9/11 Nazis — does Churchill deserve civility? Barrett and Fetzer putting forth that America is behind worldwide terrorism, that we are a despicable country? Do these men reserve a cordial response? They do not. These are dangerous loons, whose rantings should assign them to obscure Web sites, not places of respect at major universities.
The culture war in America is raging. And this is a perfect example of it. Would the University of Wisconsin or Colorado allow a KKK instructor in the classroom? How about a Nazi sympathizer?
No, they would not, but if you want to defame your country, Christians, Jews or white people, send your resume to these schools. They're happy to entertain that point of view.
Every American needs to wake up and smell the hatred. Your country is under assault from without and from within. The culture war is on, big time.
And that's The Memo.
Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Good news for traditionalists — "T-warriors" in my book "Culture Warrior".
Despite weeks of denials, the far-left radio network Air America, a complete stranger to any honesty, has filed for bankruptcy. That means Air America will stiff those whom they owe money.
Stuart Smalley and his pals have now run out of radical sugar-daddies and are broke. Even The New York Times won't buy them lunch. So now Smalley has on his resume a failed movie, failed sit com and failed radio operation.
Not gloating. Just reporting. Ridiculous? You make the call.

