

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: "The Factor follow-up" segment tonight, there will be a meeting tonight in Williston, Vermont so the folks there can weigh in on the child rapist controversy.
Earlier today, the organizer of the event, Rand Larson, met with Vermont Governor Jim Douglas. Mr. Larson joins us now from Burlington.
So I had that meeting with Governor Douglas. Does he understand the whole world, the whole nation and a large part of the world is watching Vermont now?
RAND LARSON, VERMONT ACTIVIST: Well, Bill, I got to tell you, I'm on the front lines of this. I'm trying to do something positive out of this terrible situation.
And I got to tell you that the governor is one of the good guys. And the friendly fire that you're offering is actually hurting somebody that's helping me.
He, over a week ago, we contacted the governor's office and asked him to sit down with Ken Wooden from Child Lures Prevention and myself to describe what we thought is a solution to the sexual offenders, you know, being predators on our children.
So he was extremely interested. And the Lt. Governor Brian Dubey attended. We came back after that initial meeting, and met for another hour with the lieutenant governor. The governor had some commitments. And I'm confident that what he told us in the meeting. And if you want specifics, I'd be more than glad to tell you that, but...
O'REILLY: Well, but look, I mean, maybe you'll solve the problem. And I hope you do, but the lack of outrage on the part of Judge Cashman's 60-day sentence is on the record. And almost every newspaper in Vermont, with the exception of the Burlington paper, has backed Cashman up.
Now that is pretty damning, is it not?
LARSON: Well, I agree, Bill. You know, and — but the unfortunate part is the newspapers in Vermont reflect maybe the views of 15 to 20 percent of the people. That's not Vermont. 80 percent of the people in the state are hard working. They care about their children. They're outraged about this. There's going to be...
O'REILLY: All right, but where are they? How do we know they're outraged?
LARSON: Well...
O'REILLY: See, we haven't seen any demonstrations. We don't know. You're telling me they are. And I want to believe you, but I haven't seen it.
LARSON: Bill, over 20,00 people, well, actually, more than that, over 34,000 e-mails to the governor's office before the network system broke down.
We have gotten all kinds of calls. I was on two radio shows today. There's going to be a thousand people that march on the state capitol. The legislature...
O'REILLY: When that going to be?
LARSON: I can't give you the exact date, but it's in the next week. The legislators, many of them have gone. They have put some motions before the House. I'm not a legislator. I can't tell you exactly what they do.
But Curt Wright and many other individuals, but you know, the governor assured us on a couple things that are very important to me.
He said we need civil confinement after these people get out of prison if they haven't gone through the proper treatment. We expanded the sexual registry in Vermont. And he's proposing legislation in the state of the state speech that for safe communities that anybody connected, any employee of a school, if they have any relationship with a child in a school, they got to...
O'REILLY: But what about mandatory minimums like Jessica's Law? You got it going for that?
LARSON: He will sign that. If they put it on his desk, if you want to put the heat on somebody, put it on the legislature.
O'REILLY: No, believe me...
LARSON: He'll sign that bill.
O'REILLY: Symington and those people.
All right, look, I'm going to believe you, Mr. Larson. Because I know Vermont. I believe most Vermonters are concerned about this as I am.
But when that demonstration happens, we will be there with our cameras. We're also working on a couple of other stories on this that I can't tell you about now, but they're big.
But you and both know this can't stand. This 60 day...
LARSON: Oh, absolutely. Absolutely.
O'REILLY: Could not stand.
LARSON: It gives them, but Bill, you know, we are tonight, what we're trying to do is something positive.
O'REILLY: All right.
LARSON: And we brought Ken Wooden up to talk about child lurers. We want to do prevention. We want to say to liberals...
O'REILLY: All right, prevention is fine, but we go to solve this problem first. And we will check back in with you, Mr. Larson. Thank you very much.


