The anti-Bush crowd is furious with last week's terror arrests in London because it might help Bush administration and the Republicans in the critical upcoming November election.
The left is putting forth that the president is trying to scare people and that his policies have increased the danger from the jihadists. Now you can decide whether you're scared or not. And it's impossible to say with any uncertainty that the Iraq conflict has made the War on Terror worse.
Surely things were bad when the USA was mostly ignoring the terrorists. Our embassies were attacked in Africa. A warship bombed off the coast of Yemen. Muslim fascists in Afghanistan persecuted their own people and allowed Al Qaeda to train for 9/11. So it's hard to see that America's soft approach to terror was very effective back then.
Now "Talking Points" is open to specific terrorist strategy, but also believes Democrats have not yet put forth a plan to defeat the terrorists. Simply criticizing Bush is not a plan. DNC chief Howard dean continues to be the chief bloviator:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HOWARD DEAN, DNC CHAIRMAN: We need a real tough fight on terror, but we need to be tough and smart, not just talk tough.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Again, Dean talks in generalities. That really doesn't cut it anymore. Last Friday, I had yet another discussion with a Democratic strategist about what the Dems would do to beat the killers.
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
O'REILLY: Hillary Clinton, what's Hillary Clinton's specific plan to deal with worldwide terrorism?
JAMAL SIMMONS, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: She wants to go after the terrorists where they are.
O'REILLY: I'm assuming if Hillary is elected president in 2008, that we will then invade southern Lebanon and fight with the Israelis. We will invade Pakistan, violate their territorial sovereignty and probably invade a number of other countries where we know terrorists.
SIMMONS: See, you're offering a false choice.
O'REILLY: No, I'm not.
SIMMONS: Yes.
O'REILLY: You go after them where they are, that's what you have to do.
SIMMONS: The question is whether or not invasion is the only way to go after terrorists.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
Now don't get me wrong. I want fresh ideas on how to defeat terror. And if a Democrat has a good idea, I'll put it on this broadcast in a heartbeat. But so far, it is just Bush is bad, Bush is trying to scare us.
You know what? Not having a plan after all this time is really the scary thing, is it not?
And that's "The Memo."
The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day
Eighties rock guy Boy George was busted on a cocaine charge here in New York City this year. Boy pled out, receiving community service, which he is doing now. When some reporters caught up with him, he wasn't pleased.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BOY GEORGE, MUSICIAN: Go away.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Tuesday night...
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Boy George...
BOY GEORGE: This is ridiculous.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
The question is, is Boy George taking his sentence like a man? Up to you, but it might be ridiculous.
I have a little tattoo back there. You can't see it.

