Supporting the troops in Iraq. That's the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
As part of their business plan to woo left wing viewers, NBC News consistently attacks FOX News, as you know. Well, it hasn't worked as they're losing ratings. And there is big trouble at that network.
Now the latest NBC News indignity is trying to convince their few viewers that FOX news is negligent because we don't cover every terrorist incident in Iraq. Somehow we're insulting military families if we don't run in the explosion du jour. As everybody knows Al Qaeda's strategy is to break the will of the American people to fight the jihad. Usama bin Laden has stated that in writing.
So blowing things up and hopefully getting the carnage on TV is what the terrorists want. Here at “The Factor” we report honestly on the war and bring you reports that advance the story. For example, earlier this week on the "Radio Factor" Colonel David Hunt said the surge has improved things in the Anbar Province, the Sunni stronghold, but not yet in Baghdad.
And we believe that analysis is accurate. NBC News, on the other hand, has, well, let's say just their Iraq coverage has been questionable. Item, NBC News analyst William Arkin called troops mercenaries and disparaged the sacrifice they're making to bring freedom to that country.
Item. NBC News correspondent Richard Engel filed a report that said one American combat unit, quote, "All told me it's time to end the war," unquote.
Well, “The Factor” received e-mails from some soldiers in that unit saying that was absolutely false. Item. NBC News correspondent Jane Arraf blogged that Iraqis who have lost loved ones during the war were scarred much more than they were under Saddam. Well yeah, but what's the point? Millions of Iraqis were given the chance to have freedom, madam.
An NBC commentator also called funding for the war in Iraq "asinine." NBC News is of course entitled to its opinion in the commentary realm and the results of said opinion are seen every day in their disastrous ratings. However for these clowns to say FOX News is insulting military families because we don't show every bombing is dishonest in the extreme, which is what we've come to expect from that organization.
And that's the "Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day." The powers that be in Boulder, Colorado are just never going to get it. This political cartoon recently ran in the Boulder Daily Camera, disparaging Alberto Gonzales, President Bush and me, your humble correspondent.
And it doesn't matter what the cartoon said, and I have no objection to it. What I do object to is a Boulder baby, Jason Midyette, being beaten to death, no charges brought for 14 months.
A Boulder college professor, Ward Churchill, comparing 9/11 victims to Nazis, and keeping his job. The failure to solve the murder of JonBenet Ramsey and the official acceptance of grossly inappropriate behavior on the part of adult speakers of Boulder High School.
So here's my message to those in power in Boulder. Your town is now defined by all that I mentioned. Unless you have a radical change of heart, and radical is the right word, Boulder is branded forever as a place where far left loons rule. You have earned that distinction, and to have it is ridiculous.

