Surging in Iraq, that's the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
American troops are aggressively seeking out terrorists in Iraq right now. It is impossible to know how successful the operation is at this point, but I hope, I hope our forces are successful. I want the USA to stabilize that country and deal a huge blow to terrorism worldwide, but not everybody in the media feels that way.
A good outcome in Iraq might be impossible, however, because many Iraqis are not helping coalition forces. And the USA can't pass by Iraq without the majority of Iraqis on our side, which they are not.
So if the Iraqis don't wise up soon, U.S. forces will pull back.
So now you're up-to-date on Iraq. I didn't have to share you any terror bombings to make my points. But last night, all three network newscasts reported seven Afghan children were killed in fighting between the Taliban and U.S. forces.
ABC News spent 15 seconds on the story. Just told you about it. CBS News, 10 seconds. But NBC News gave it a full two minutes. Dead Afghan kids killed in an American air strike, NBC News is jazzed. But why? You make the call.
The liberal press has made a big deal out of the fact that FOX News devotes less time to Iraq than our competitors at CNN and MSNBC. The question is, what kind of coverage are you getting from them and others who show carnage without context?
Again, "Talking Points" asserts that showing pictures of terrorist activity purely for the visual helps the terrorists and doesn't advance the Iraq story. But some don't agree, including Howard Kurtz.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HOWARD KURTZ: It's certainly hard for me to imagine an argument during World War II that we shouldn't cover every bombing in London because that's what the Germans want.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Interesting. But what about President Roosevelt setting up the Office of War Information in 1942, which censored, among other things, the results of enemy action and American casualty lists.
Roosevelt did that to prevent the erosion of morale here in America.
Now we don't censor the news on "The Factor." We tell you the truth about what's happening in Iraq and everywhere else. But we don't help the terrorists either. And that separates us from some in the anti-war crisis. And that's the Memo.
Most Ridiculous Item
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day." Well, it took almost three months but Boulder, Colorado High School Principal Bud Jenkins has finally apologized for the drug and sex panel at the school, where students were encouraged to use illegal drugs and have indiscriminate sex.
You may remember, we had to chase Jenkins around, and he still wouldn't explain the situation. But now he says the assembly was a violation of educational standards.
We'll have reaction from Boulder students tomorrow, but the entire thing remains ridiculous.

