Questions don't come easier than that, except of course, if you don't buy the premise. There are Americans who believe the war on terror is a fabrication. Apparently, one of those Americans is actress Meryl Streep, who stars in the Robert Redford film "Lions for Lambs". On"Good Morning America" - a very interesting chat took place.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DIANE SAWYER, ABC ANCHOR: And now a chance this morning to have coffee with Meryl Streep. She is one of the stars of the new movie "Lions for Lambs" with Robert Redford and Tom Cruise. It is a movie about a professor, a student, a senator, and a journalist. And the question, how do you strengthen the muscles of your conviction?
Streep and Cruise.
TOM CRUISE, ACTOR: You've already sold the war. Now I'm asking you to help me sell the solution.
SAWYER: A dialogue, a (INAUDIBLE) ripped from the headlines and the airwaves.
BILL O'REILLY, FOX NEWS HOST: Do Democrats want to win the war in Iraq? We'll take a look it as we continue.
MERYL STREEP, ACTRESS: It was my favorite thing that I ever saw Bill O'Reilly do. And so I lifted it out of his show and put it in the movie.
CRUISE: Do you want to win the war on terror, yes or no?
STREEP: It's a fraud.
CRUISE: OK, you see this. This is the quintessential yes-or-no question of our time.
STREEP: The question is completely without an answer. I mean, it's a wife beating question. Are you still beating your wife? There's no way to answer it.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me, Ms. Streep? You can't answer a simple question, like do you want your country to win the war on terror? Come on!
Now you may remember that I asked David Letterman whether he wanted the USA to win in Iraq. I also asked Rosie O'Donnell the same question on "The View". Both declined to answer.
Now I believe, and I could be wrong, that both Letterman and Rosie despised President Bush so much that they cannot support a victory in Iraq because it would help Mr. Bush. But this war on terror question is easy. All Meryl Streep would have to say is sure, I want America to defeat the jihadist killers, I just don't believe President Bush is going about it the right way. That's the responsible answer.
But saying the question is loaded and failing to address the matter at all is irresponsible and most of all, supremely dumb.
The kooks who believe the war on terror is all America's fault, or that we attacked ourselves on 9/11, or that the military industrial complex set the whole thing up should be shunned. Americans are dead, the attack was unprovoked. The loons like Ward Churchill and Rosie should be challenged and dismissed, period.
Now I believe Meryl Streep is most likely a good person, but she has been submerged in Kool Aid for so long, her foolish attitudes are shocking. We all need to wise up. Tens of thousands have been murdered all over the world by al Qaeda. And these maniacs will do it again if they get a chance. The ACLU, Sean Penn, John Murtha and the rest of the far-left ballerinas are putting us all in danger. Nonsense is nonsense. There is a global war on terror. And if you don't want to win it, you're a moron! Pithy enough?
Pinheads and Patriots
As we mentioned, my new book, "Kids Are Americans, Too," moves up to No. 3 on the New York Times bestseller list next Sunday from No. 8 this Sunday. That's because of you and support from the most widely read magazine in the world, Parade, which said nice things about "Kids, Too."
In know I'm biased here, but this book will help a lot of teenagers so the good folks at Parade are patriots.
On the pinhead front, legendary rock singer Annie Lennox gave the crowd at a benefit for UNICEF the finger. Apparently, Annie thought the crowd was not paying enough attention to her performance, so the bird appeared, as they say.
Because it was a charity deal, Annie is a pinhead. At a paid gig we wouldn't care.

