Within the Democratic Party, there are two elements: moderate Dems and radical-left Dems. The radical movement is funded by George Soros and Peter Lewis, who pour millions of dollars into candidates and Web sites like MoveOn to do their bidding. Soros and Lewis have given MoveOn at least $5 million.
My book "Culture Warrior" pinpoints the far-left agenda and it is frightening. Things like open borders, a one world foreign police, unfettered abortion, and so on.
The Soros-Lewis mob despises FOX News because we have their number and report on them accurately. They use the MoveOn Web site to smear this network and others with whom they disagree.
These people use propaganda techniques perfected by Dr. Joseph Goebbels, the Nazi minister of information -- they lie, distort, defame all the time.
So it's not surprising that MoveOn objected to a debate sponsored by FOX News and the Nevada Democratic Party. MoveOn immediately tried to boycott the August event and persuaded John Edwards to drop out.
That was simply stupid.
FOX News has sponsored a number of debates in the past, all of them fair and balanced. And Edwards has appeared on this network more than 30 times with no complaint.
Then last Thursday evening, FOX News chairman Roger Ailes received a Freedom of Speech Leadership Award in Washington. I was in the front row when Mr. Ailes said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ROGER AILES, FOX NEWS CHAIRMAN: And it is true that Barack Obama is on the move. I don't know if it's true that President Bush called Musharraf and said why can't we catch this guy?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Not one person complained, according to the organizers of the event. It was just an obvious jest directed at President Bush.
But almost immediately, Senator Harry Reid, the Democrat from Nevada, declared the joke a smear against Obama, saying, "We cannot, as good Democrats, put our party in a position to defend such comments."
Now Reid is either very dense or very disingenuous. There's no middle ground.
And so the debate has now been cancelled. The Soros-MoveOn cabal believe this is a major victory for them, but once again they're wrong. The FOX News Channel has been fair to the Democratic Party and will continue to be fair. Listen to Senator John Kerry:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Before we start the interview, I wish we could have done this in the campaign. You know, we kept waiting for you to come and.
SEN. JOHN KERRY, D-MASS.: We should have done it. We should have.
O'REILLY: You think so?
KERRY: I would have loved it.
O'REILLY: In hindsight, you should have.
KERRY: Oh, I don't know why we didn't, but we should have.
O'REILLY: OK. Because some people said well, he doesn't like you. He doesn't think you're going to get a fair shot on the program.
KERRY: I've always had a fair shot.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
And the truth is that MoveOn is hurting the Democratic Party. They have succeeded in buying some politicians and media people, but clear thinking Americans understand radical lunacy and dishonest tactics when they see them. And that what is what the Soros-Lewis MoveOn cabal specialize in.
Shame, shame on Senator Reid for supporting that.
And that's the Memo.
Most Ridiculous Item
Our pal Snoop Dogg has been arrested again for suspected drug activity. This is the 11th time the Snoopster has been taken into custody.
This time Swedish authorities in Stockholm grabbed him in a car about 1:30 a.m. If convicted in Sweden, the Snoopmeister will be fined. Now, 11th time this guy has been arrested and he's still embraced by corporate America.
So the next time he gets an endorsement, we're going to bring it to your attention so you can decide if it's ridiculous.

