It is day 11 in the Iran hostage situation. That country has humiliated the 15 British service people they kidnapped and the world really doesn't care. That's because somewhat incredibly, the USA and Great Britain are looked upon by many as the major threats in the world, not the Islamic fascists.
Here in America, the far left extremists are running wild. Over the past few days, I've interviewed a number of radicals on “The Factor” so you could see just how far out they really are:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SUNSARA TAYLOR, ANTI-WAR ACTIVIST: John Yoo, one of the top lawyers of George Bush's administration, said in a public debate that George Bush has the right to torture somebody, including, I quote, by "crushing the testicles of their small child in front of them."
(END VIDEO CLIP)
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ROCKY ANDERSON (D), SUPPORTS IMPEACHMENT OF PRESIDENT BUSH: I think that what we have done in the Middle East we have been our worst enemy. We're creating more and more enemies every single day.
O'REILLY: So we provoked Iran?
ANDERSON: There is no justification.
O'REILLY: We on provoked them?
ANDERSON: Absolutely. Look at what we did in Iraq.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ROSIE O'DONNELL, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": But interesting with the British sailors, there were 15 British sailors and marines who apparently went into Iranian waters. And they were seized by the Iranians. And I have one thing to say. Gulf of Tonkin. Google it
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, Ms. O'Donnell and her radical pals are basically telling the world the USA is a criminal nation, and that no matter what provocations are lodged by Iran and others, it will always be America's fault. This is grossly irresponsible and flat out dangerous. But believe me when I tell you that millions of people all over the world are buying this garbage.
A new poll in Germany, for example, asks who's the biggest threat to world peace? The USA or Iran? Forty-eight percent of Germans said the USA. Thirty-one percent said Iran. Incredible.
O'Donnell and actor Charlie Sheen are also peddling the 9/11 conspiracy theory that the attack on the World Trade Center was an inside job. Never mind that nonsense has been debunked by Popular Mechanics magazine by using scientific evidence that is beyond dispute. O'Donnell and Sheen are in it because they hate Bush, not because of any truth seeking.
Today's Investor's Business Daily newspaper labeled Ms. O'Donnell "Tokyo Rosie," editorializing that her anti-America propaganda has reached hysterical levels.
Now Ms. O'Donnell isn't smart enough to realize that while she is demeaning her own country, the one she's hurting most is herself and the company that pays her — ABC.
Americans always turn away from haters, always. And that's what Miss O'Donnell has become.
Summing up, the radical left has to be held accountable because it's distorting the truth, putting America military people in even more jeopardy abroad and even intimidating politicians like John Edwards andBill Richardson.
This is a group that has now burrowed on to the mainstream stage and is doing damage.
And that's "The Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item
Our pal Snoop Dogg, a.k.a. Calvin Broadus, is apparently angry with me because I pointed out that he's been arrested 11 times.
In fact, the British government recently denied Calvin entry to that country. But the Netherlands welcomed him. And somehow, the conversation on Dutch TV got around to me:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Guys like Bill O'Reilly, who are...
CALVIN "SNOOP DOGG" BROADUS, RAP ARTIST: (expletive deleted) Bill O'Reilly. They don't understand me. You know, they don't understand how kids and his family just love Snoop Dogg. And he don't really get it.
So instead of him trying to hold an interview with him to better understand me, he'd rather try to bash me in the media. You know, saying when he can just basically have a conversation with me and get a one-on-one with me.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Would you go on his show? Would you go on his show?
BROADUS: Yes. But we got to do it in my neighborhood, though.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It has to be in the ghetto, though?
BROADUS: Yes. So I could kick his mother (expletive deleted) ass myself.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Yes, like Calvin lives in the ghetto. Is a pool boy going to beat me up there, Snoopy?
And of course, he's welcome to come in here to the No Spin Zone, but we do have drug testing. To not have it would be ridiculous.

