From the jump, this was a bad case. I wasn't there, so I don't know what happened. But I do know that the woman who said three Duke students raped her couldn't back up that story in any meaningful way.
And it was also obvious that Durham D.A. Mike Nifong abused his power by ignoring exculpatory evidence. So here is what I said last June:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, with no witness to the alleged crime, no DNA match, no conclusive medical exam evidence, and doubts about the accuser's credibility, a conviction in the Duke rape case just about impossible. Thus, District Attorney Mike Nifong has an ethical duty to withdraw the charges.
"Talking Points" believe that will happen and it should happen now.
Duke University has been besmirched. Three young men and their families are going through hell, and the alleged victim, according to her father, is having all kinds of emotional problems.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, a few months later, Nifong was fired from the case.
And today, finally, justice was done. But the damage is significant.
The students and thr families have been devastated emotionally and financially. Put yourselves in their shoes for a moment. How cruel was this situation?
As for the alleged victim, I can't speak to that. I know nothing about her other than her purported lifestyle, which was chaotic. It would be cruel of me to attack her, so I'm not going to do it.
Instead, I'll direct my ire towards Nifong, who does not deserve to serve ever again in a public arena. The state of North Carolina should make sure he is marginalized so he'll resign.
This kind of stuff simply can't happen in the USA, Ladies and Gentlemen. Powerful prosecutors can't damage citizens on shaky evidence. And if they do, they themselves must pay a price higher than the ones they injure.
And that's "The Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item
When we last left Zsa Zsa Gabor's husband, Prince von Anhalt, he was claiming to be the father of Anna Nicole Smith's baby. So we set up a lie detector test for him, which he fled. So we called him a fraud, and he sued us:
Now, he's saying this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
FREDERIC VAN ANHALT, ZSA ZSA GABOR'S HUSBAND: I was a little bit surprised, you know, a little bit unhappy. But on the other side, I'm happy. Unhappy because it isn't my baby. I didn't get the baby. I was looking forward to have a little child like that.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Ridiculous? Yeah, it might be...! Just a tad!

