In a press conference today, Iranian President Ahmadinejad announced he was sending the 15 captured military people home. — An "Easter present" he called it. We predicted that would happen because Iran won! It humiliated Great Britain and by extension, the USA.
Iran showed the world it could grab the sailors and Marines, humiliate them, and get away with it. Now there are a few things in play here. First, the British government did the right thing in not attacking Iran, because that's when these crazy people want, an expansion of the jihad. The Muslim fascists will understand the world will not step up and confront them. So any military action against Iran would be isolated and would rally even more jihadists to the cause.
Like Hitler and Tojo in the 1930s, the Muslim fascists are making the calculation that the world is too apathetic and weak to rally against them.
It was very instructive to watch the radical left Americans blame President Bush for the Iranian kidnapping. Rosie O'Donnell and others did that, and it will happen again in the future. Terrorist actions will be blamed on America. — We caused the whole thing. That is outrageous and dishonest. And "Talking Points" will confront this behavior.
The next big story is to find out what the Iranians did to the British hostages, what kind of coercion was used to make some of them spew Iranian propaganda.Ahmadinejad warned the Blair government not to investigate that, which means he's worried. But he shouldn't be because he has a fifth column of sympathetic far left loons all over the world who see America, Britain and Israel as the villains, not him and his fascist government.
There's no question Iran is the world's greatest danger. If it develops a nuclear weapon, destruction will follow. But until massive death takes place, the world will continue to make excuses for the fascists and blame the democracies for the instability.
About the only thing reasonable people can do is notice who is helping Iran and other terrorists, and remember.
And that's "The Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item
The Right Guard deodorant people hired the Opinion Research Company to do a survey about sweating and being caught "off guard." Pun intended.
One thousand men were polled, and question No. 1 was which women makes you sweat? Twenty-seven percent said Angelina Jolie; 17 percent Jessica Alba; 16 percent Beyonce Knowles.
Next question, select the talk show host who never gets caught off guard. Jay Leno 23 percent; O'Reilly and Letterman tied — that'll thrill him — 20 percent; Howard Stern 17 percent.
Ridiculous? You make the call.

