
BILL O’REILLY, HOST: In the "Miller Time" segment tonight, our intrepid analyst is really busy with a daily syndicated radio program on Westwood One and a FOX News appearance Sunday nights at 10. But every Wednesday it's "Miller Time" here on “The Factor.”
Dennis was in New York yesterday. And here's what went down.
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
O'REILLY: OK. Miller's here in New York. Wake up. Wake up. These debates, come on. I mean, you got 55 guys out there. You know, you got the guy who delivered the pizza. He's got his own lectern now.
And so I'm saying to myself do people really get anything out of this? Do you get anything out of it?
DENNIS MILLER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I have to say this. I think Obama's making a move. I mean, I didn't see this at first but I’m talking to a very smart inside baseball guy, David Brooks from The Times. He tells me he thinks it's going to be Barack Obama.
And I love that devastating line he laid on Edwards the other night about “you're four-and-a-half years late, John.”
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. BARACK OBAMA (D-IL), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I think it is important to lead. And I think, John, the fact is that I opposed this war from the start. So you're about four-and-a-half years late on leadership on this one.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
MILLER: That was beautiful stuff. He cut Edwards' legs out.
O'REILLY: A guy like Obama is not well known. He gets up in the debate. He gets off a couple of lines, and then he rises in the poll. The Gallup poll has him almost tied with Hillary Clinton.
But the machine and the big money, that's a Hillary Clinton thing, and that's going to wear him down. And plus, Obama at some time is going to have to answer questions, which he has not done.
MILLER: Well, I agree with that. And I agree that the main people he has to keep his eye on is not the Republicans but the Clintons, because the Clintons make Curtis LeMay look like an Amish preacher, when they slash and burn. I mean...
O'REILLY: Curtis LeMay. Now we have to say, he's the former Air Force pilot who wanted to drop a nuke on Vietnam.
MILLER: Well, they have napalm-scented Air Wicks in her Senate office. These people play rough. And if Michael Corleone's admonition about keep your friends close, your enemies closer is true, he ought to have the Clintons spot-welded onto each hip.
O'REILLY: You don't think your guy, Rudy Giuliani, plays rough?
MILLER: Well, sure he does.
O'REILLY: They all play rough.
MILLER: But he's my guy.
O'REILLY: Well, OK. So you're not going to — I see. All right. Now you had Rory Kennedy, one of the — Robert Kennedy's daughter. And she's part of the "don't be mean to the terrorists" crew. And she was on your radio show.
So we were all interested, because 9/11 was a defining moment for you. You changed your whole philosophy.
MILLER: I can't believe the whole country didn't.
O'REILLY: Many did. But the "don't be mean to the terrorists" crew, do you get that?
MILLER: She said today on the radio, she said we have to open the lines of communication with the terrorists. And I'm just thinking no, we got to end them. I mean, that's the simple fact.
To me the left is like Margaret Dumond, the old Groucho Marx films used to be, vis-à-vis terrorism? It's like, "Oh, I never!" You know, and at some point we got to go out and we've just got to engage these people. And we have to — it's like "Cool Hand Luke." Somebody's got to force their will on the other person. They've got to get their mind through it.
O'REILLY: What I don't get about Ms. Kennedy, who made a documentary about Abu Ghraib, is why would you want to make a documentary about Abu Ghraib? I mean, that was a terrible mistake that the United States had to suffer through, because some thugs at Abu Ghraib tortured these people.
But why would you want to spotlight that and then take the emphasis away from the terrorists who are killing people every day?
MILLER: Well, we had a caller today ask, why isn't she going to go out and do one of these on the terrorists? Why is the film so tough on us? What is the next one: Gitmo? To me, Gitmo is like Vegas. What happens in Gitmo should stay in Gitmo. You know? I mean, there are simple things that we should know in this war.
And one of them — and listen, I said to her, "Look, 11 guys from Abu Ghraib up the chain. Not all the way." She wants Bush put in prison. But 11 guys were found guilty. I mean, we do the right thing when we find out we make a mistake.
Do you think there's going to be in 11 guys in Al Qaeda who are going to get reprimanded for not handling prisoners properly? I mean, you know?
O'REILLY: I just can't get inside it. I don't know why they diminish it. Just over the weekend you had these guys, JFK Airport, surveilling the airport, and it winds up on page 37 of The New York Times, right above the "Fuddruckers is good for kids" article. You didn't know that, did you?
MILLER: No, I did not.
O'REILLY: I swear to God. Fuddruckers and the kids. And then above that, on page 37, are the three guys looking to blowup Kennedy Airport. So I'm saying to myself, what are they doing over there?
MILLER: I don't know. Here's my feeling on these interrogation techniques. If you know that somebody knows something about something — and they always tell you it never happens. But I saw Tenet on your show, said it happens. Said they give information.
If you don't waterboard him, to me that's evil. If you know this guy knows something about innocents being killed within the next couple of days and you don't do that, that seems evil to me. What kind of mindset is that?
O'REILLY: Rory Kennedy would probably be there, and there would be wind chimes and there would be a little incense, "Woo!" And then, “Please tell me who you're going to kill.” And there's Khalid Sheikh Mohammad going, “Can I have a few more of those cashews?”
MILLER: I think the Tenet moment was the defining moment in this whole dialogue. When he said that on your show, I remember thinking, that's the most important thing that comes out of this book. Not that he had problems with Bush.
O'REILLY: And Scheuer backed it up.
MILLER: Who is that?
O'REILLY: Michael Scheuer, he is in charge of the Usama bin Laden hunt, and he backed it up. He said we got good information that saved thousands of lives, maybe didn't say thousands, but saved lives by this water boarding and doing these techniques.
MILLER: Well, if you know that and you still don't want to go ahead with that, I don't ever want to have that mindset. I don't ever want to be that civilized.
O'REILLY: But you don't understand it. Because I don't understand it.
MILLER: No I can't grasp it at all.
O'REILLY: I don't get it at all. Anything else you want to say? You got any projects? You got your three-hour radio show.
MILLER: We got the three-hour radio show. We got McCain and Romney throwing down. You know McCain is angry at Romney right now.
O'REILLY: About that immigration thing.
MILLER: He thinks he's a pretty boy. You know, Romney makes Edwards look like the Elephant Man. John's going to be throwing down on him.
O'REILLY: We got to get how much he pays for the haircut, though, Romney. Right? We've got to get that next.
Dennis Miller, everybody. Thanks for coming in. Good to see you, man.
MILLER: All right.



