The Iranian president, a terrorist killer, was given a forum by that ultra-liberal university today. But there may be some good news here.
But first the bad news. Before Ahmadinejad took the stage, Lee Bollinger, the president of Columbia, denounced him and his country. Bollinger cited human rights abuses committed by Iran, as well as Ahmadinejad's fascist ideology.
Bollinger did this because he knows he's in trouble — that many Americans believe Bollinger himself is a villain.
That's because the president touts freedom of speech, but took weak action against the Columbia students who threatened the leader of the Minutemen. — You remember that. And Bollinger has supported the banning of ROTC on campus. Does that sound like freedom of speech to you?
When Ahmadinejad took the stage, he denied any and all wrongdoing as he always does, blaming all terrorism in the world on the great Satan, the USA. All in all, a tremendous academic experience, right?
Ahmadinejad is a shrewd guy. He knows by denying all of Iran's atrocities, a segment of the world will believe him. On the fascist Web site DailyKos, there is a poll, asking who is a better president? Bush or the Iranian. Around 40 percent of the Kos loons picked Ahmadinejad.
The only positive "Talking Points" can see in all this is that more Americans now know about Ahmadinejad, the terrorist. One of the discouraging things going on in this country is the failure of some Americans to recognize the true danger in the world. This controversy has spotlighted the danger coming from Iran. And the more we understand that danger, the better.
So while Columbia and Lee Bollinger are hypocritical beyond belief, there is an upside to the dog and pony show, as revolting as it may be.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads and Patriots
The longest running TV news magazine program in history, is "60 Minutes", which celebrated its 40th anniversary yesterday. Forty years! There's no doubt that "60 Minutes" has been controversial, but it's also broken major stories that have helped this nation immensely.
Sometimes these guys tee us off. Sometimes we love them, but "60 Minutes" is an honest broadcast, and we salute the crew over there as patriots.
On the pinhead front, we leave the human race and go into the world of primates. In South Africa, there were a rash of burglaries. Police were stumped until this video surfaced.
Apparently, a bunch of baboons are committing felonies and must be stopped before they steal again. There go the boys! All right. These baboons are, of course, pinheads. But try telling them that.

