Do you believe in redemption? "The Factor" does. Thus we have no problem with Don Imus returning to the radio today. Speaking in New York City, Mr. Imus said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DON IMUS, TALK RADIO HOST: So I will never say anything in my lifetime that will make any of these young women at Rutgers regret or feel foolish that they accepted my apology and forgave me.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
So be it. Most theologies preach forgiveness. And since every human being makes mistakes, if someone asks for forgiveness, it should be granted. And here's the irony. The media drove the Imus story. And what he did was wrong, but not as wrong as media intentionally deceiving the public. So you have a corrupt media judging the shock jock.
There's no question the media deceit has reached critical mass. All you have to do is turn on your computer and read some of the political Internet sites. The defamation of falsehoods are staggering.
The game these days is for so-called "responsible journalists" to pick up the Net smears and then pass them along on network television or in the newspapers. Last week alone, Cynthia Tucker, head of editorials for The Atlanta Journal Constitution, Maureen Dowd, a columnist for The New York Times, and Lauren Rickleen (ph), a columnist in The Boston Globe, all completely distorted my position on racism using almost identical language. What a coincidence.
Now these women couldn't care less about the truth. They're flat out dishonest. — In business solely to advance an agenda. And business is good.
There are few journalistic standards left these days as we have proven on this broadcast again and again. "Talking Points" wishes the dangerous media dishonesty on display would get half the attention Mr. Imus is getting.
I fully realize that most Americans could not care less about what the media says and does. And the public is not phased by what is printed on "evil dot com" or "The Daily Deceiver."
But it should be. We in the media are very powerful. We can ruin lives and damage the country in ways that affect every American. We, the people, need to wise up. In the big picture, Imus is just an entertainer —a guy talking on the radio.
But the corrupt press is far, far different story. It wants to drastically alter this country and will destroy or try to destroy, anyone who stands in its way.
The upcoming presidential race will clearly demonstrate what I am telling you right now. Pay attention.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads and Patriots
As you may know, much of the revenue generated by billoreilly.com is given to charity. In fact, we have now donated more than a half million dollars this year alone, 2007. That's because you guys have bought gear and signed books on BillOReilly.com, especially in the Christmas store. Hot items this year are the "No Bloviating" shirts, "Kids Are Americans, Too," "Culture Warrior" and the logo'd mugs.
No question, all this charitable giving is patriotic. Thank you for making it happen.
On the pinhead front, far-left Washington correspondent Helen Thomas put forth that the American military is targeting civilians in Iraq and got scolded for it.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DANA PERINO, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY:  Helen, I find it really unfortunate that you use your front-row position bestowed upon you by your colleagues to make such statements. It is an honor and a privilege to be in the briefing rooms suggest that we at the United States are killing innocent people is just absurd and very offensive.
HELEN THOMAS, JOURNALIST: Do you know how many we have at the start of this war?
PERINO: How many — we are going after the enemy, Helen. To the extent that any innocent Iraqis have been killed we have expressed regret for it.
THOMAS: Regret? That doesn't bring back a life.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Pinhead label for Helen Thomas. I think so.

