At the King Middle School in Portland, Maine, medical workers are allowed to give the girls as young as 11 birth control pills without their parents knowing about it.
The school board in Portland voted 7-2 to make that happen. The rationale is that some kids will have sex and the school must try to reduce pregnancies. Also, parents must sign a waiver allowing their children to receive medical care at the school.
However, that medical care is kept secret from the parents, in the birth control area.
Now giving sixth grade girls the pill is dumb. It doesn't protect them from disease and tacitly says that sex at that young age is understandable.
This is foolish, ridiculous, and irresponsible. But in the secular progressive world. The SP doctrine is to quote, "empower children" and downgrade parental authority because some parents are bad.
Right now seven states: Connecticut, Hawaii, New York, Oregon, Vermont, Washington and New Hampshire have no parental notification laws concerning abortion. That means that if young girls in those states get pregnant, Planned Parenthood can set up the abortion and parents will never know.
The SPs love that. Like Vermont, Maine is a state where many Woodstock generation people have congregated and they are very active. A Portland newspaper today is supporting needles of drug addicts and a political cartoon in the paper promotes more rights for convicted sexual offender, both SP cornerstones.
It is ironic that the week my book "Cultural Warrior" comes out in paperback, intense culture battles erupt across the country. First the sacrilege in San Francisco, now the pill for sixth graders.
Portland's three middle schools have reported 17 pregnancies over the last four years. Not many, but too many. So the SP educators in Maine have decided to send a message because of about one pregnancy a year. And the kids get that message loud and clear. If you want to have sex at age 11, see the nurse.
And that's the memo.
Pinheads and Patriots
Last year, Washington state officials removed the nativity scene from the Capitol Rotunda in Olympia. Another absurd PC situation.
But Ron Wesselius would not let that stand. With the help from the Alliance Defense Fund, he sued the state, and now Washington has agreed to put the creche back for the Christmas season.
So, both Ron Wesselius and the Alliance Defense Fund are patriots. Way to stand up.
But Chris McGann is not. Reporting for the story — reporting this story for the ultraliberal and often inaccurate Seattle Post- Intelligencer. McGann writes, quote, "Bill O'Reilly, who equated [efforts to remove the nativity scene] in Washington and around the country with a liberal plot."
Of course, that is false and stupid. McGann has obviously not read "Culture Warrior" and does not deserve to. If you see him with it, take it away from him, because this guy is a pinhead.
Tell the truth, sir. It's in your job description.

