Rock star Bruce Springsteen is a very liberal guy. He's currently promoting a new album. And doing that, he appeared on "The Today Show" last Friday.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN, SINGER: In the past six years, we've had to add to the American picture rendition, illegal wiretapping, voter suppression, no Habeas Corpus to the neglect of our great city of New Orleans and the people, an attack on the Constitution, and a loss of our best men and women in a tragic war. So this is a song about things that shouldn't happen here happening here.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
So here's the question. Is Springsteen's dissent legitimate or anti-American? While Springsteen is certainly anti-Bush, his words are legitimate dissent in my opinion.
However, I don't respect the dissent unless Springsteen can back up his opinions with facts. Violations of Habeas Corpus, Bruce? When and where? Attack on the Constitution? How so?
Now we've invited the singer on this program to explain, but of course, he declined, perhaps understanding that his words have consequences. And if he couldn't prove his points, he would be held accountable right here. Pop stars, as you know, are rarely held accountable.
And then there's Sean Penn, whose latest trick is to cozy up to Hugo Chavez.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEAN PENN, ACTOR: I found him very fascinating guy, very - you know, he's done the moment incredible things for the 80 percent of the people that are very poor there. But a fascinating character, somebody I'm writing about and...
DAVID LETTERMAN, TALK SHOW HOST: Yes. Is he talking about nationalizing the media? That always makes me a little concerned when somebody's talking about doing that.
PENN: He's — He's. Well, you know, one of the things that's been said about him is that he shut down a television station. What happen is that for — since 1998, they had been encouraging the assassination of Chavez every day on that channel, something that they would have gone to prison for here. And so, he just didn't re-up that license.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, that's absolutely false. That's not true, Sean.
Chavez shut down the RCTV network. It is the GlobalVision network that old Hugo thinks is trying to kill him. That's still operating. So once again, Sean Penn doesn't know what he's talking about. How shocking.
And by the way, the way left Human Rights Watch organization has condemned Chavez's suppression of free speech. Again the question, is Penn's support of the anti-American Chavez legitimate dissent? And the answer is no, because Penn's analysis is based on provable falsehoods. Not that Penn cares. He's in it to diminish his own country, no matter what the facts are.
So Springsteen's OK, with a big reservation about accountability. Penn not OK because he continues to distort reality. Dissent is only valid when based on sincere beliefs with factual back up. And that's the Memo.
Pinheads and Patriots
The other day pilot Bob Robertson took off from Ft. Lauderdale on a small plane and promptly lost his engines. The plane went down, heading for the very crowded I-95 highway. But Bob veered off and crashed landed just yards away from the traffic. There he is. The whole plane evaporated. And he spared lives, no doubt. For that Bob Robertson is a hero and a patriot. He is OK despite of being banged up a bit.
On the pinhead front, Barack Obama continues to make appearances like this one.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
TYRA BANKS, MODEL: So the first thing I'm going to ask you is about Barack and Roll.
BARACK OBAMA, (D) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Barack and Roll.
BANKS: Meaning, what's on your iPod, senator?
OBAMA: You know, I have got a wide selection eclectic tastes. So I have got some Jay-Z.
BANKS: You've got Jay-Z?
OBAMA: I have got some -- I have got some...Miles Davis.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, I like the senator, he has style and energy. But, sir, you have got to start answering questions beyond the iPod zone. Come on. For doing the soft venue dance, Barack Obama is a pinhead.

