As you know, 15 British sailors and marines have been seized by fanatical elements of the Iranian government. So far, the British response has been tepid. And it is instructive to watch their reaction.
The British press has been mild about the outrage. — Remember, most of the press over there opposes the Iraq War and by extension does not want to confront Iran.
Of course, the mullahs know that and that's why they grabbed the sailors. A writer for the nutty left Guardian newspaper in London actually blamed the situation on Tony Blair, saying the sailors were seized because the prime minister, and President Bush, have lost moral authority. Talk about spin. Doesn't get dizzier than that. Or maybe it does.
Commenting on the situation, far left comedian Rosie O'Donnell said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'DONNELL: There were 15 British sailors and marines who apparently went into Iranian waters. And they were seized by the Iranians. And I have one thing to say. Gulf of Tonkin. Google it.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Don't have to Google it, Rosie. And don't have to use far left Web sites to think for me either. The Gulf Tonkin incident was an alleged attack by a North Vietnamese ship on an American ship. President Lyndon Johnson used the attack, which many historians doubt ever happened, as a reason to escalate the Vietnam conflict.
Apparently Ms. O'Donnell, using her investigative reporting skills, has found out that the seizure of the British sailors is somehow a political manipulation by the West. We await the evidence from Ms. O'Donnell.
Now The Guardian and Rosie O'Donnell are simply foolish, but there is a very serious side to this nonsense. Iran and other haters around the world believe the USA and Britain have been drastically weakened. And "Talking Points" believes will now ramp up the violence to show the world that the West is in decline.
Scenes like these in Portland, Oregon recently are shown all over the world, to the delight of those who despise the USA. Americans wearing masks — like Al Qaeda — damning their own country. Nice.
Of course, the American press barely covered that situation because it is invested in undermining the Bush administration, not confronting the growing threat abroad.
When the world sees the relentless pounding Mr. Bush is taking from the American media, they come to believe that the president is indeed an evil man, and that the USA, not Iran or the jihadists, is the true villain. These are indeed great days in Iran.
And that's "The Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item
The battle between the open border people — and much of the press are included in that— and those of us who want secure borders continues to rage.
In Hallandale, Florida, just north of Miami, about 100 Haitians arrived aboard an old creaky old ship from Haiti and scrambled onto the beach as you can see. At least one Haitian died before reaching shore, and authorities detained 100 others. An unknown number escaped. They don't even know.
Now, Haitian illegal immigrants are usually deported back to their country, the poorest and one of the most corrupt in the hemisphere. Of course, the chaos in Haiti is ridiculous. The United States has poured billions of dollars over the years into that country. Nothing gets better. And it's very sad.

