First of all, I've decided to extend The Radio Factor for another season because it's needed to balance the far-left insanity now in play on the Net. I realize many of you are working when the radio program is broadcast, but you can hear it any time on the Net by subscribing to our premium services on billoreilly.com or on XM and Sirius.
Of course, our 400 affiliated stations coast-to-coast make this a powerful engine, and one that is needed in fighting for truth in this country.
Now here's how insane things have gotten. 41 Democratic senators took the time to condemn Rush Limbaugh for a cloudy statement he made on the radio. The vile Media Matters outfit says he disrespected some troops, but the transcripts do not indicate that. And all Americans are entitled to the benefit of the doubt if there is one. And that is certainly the case here.
You may remember that last August 13th, Senator Barack Obama said this about the fight in Afghanistan.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. BARACK OBAMA (D), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We've got to get the job done there. And that requires us to have enough troops that we're not just air raiding villages and killing civilians, which is causing enormous problems there.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now some said Obama was demeaning the American military, but we said he was not. He was discussing the consequences of air power versus infantry. We gave Senator Obama the benefit of the doubt.
But there was no doubt when NBC News analyst William Arkin insulted American forces writing, "Through every Abu Ghraib and Haditha, through every rape and murder, the American public has indulged those in uniform...this NBC report is just an ugly reminder of the price we pay for a mercenary oops -- sorry -- volunteer -- force that thinks it is doing the dirty work."
Now Senator Harry Reid and others were really concerned about insults to the military that could have condemned Arkin. It doesn't get worse than that.
But Senator Reid and others said nothing, as did NBC News, which was unbelievable.
So this whole Limbaugh thing is another partisan charade engineered by the far-left, which attacked me last week and Mr. Limbaugh this week, to divert attention away from the disastrous MoveOn Petraeus ad.
The fact that elected senators would buy into these smear tactics is extremely troubling, ladies and gentlemen. This country is under siege by ideologues who use factious tactics and a corrupt mainstream media to spread their defamation.
It is well past time for all Americans to revolt against this kind of insanity and dishonesty. Only the folks can stop the madness. Do not support the smear merchants in any way.
And that's the Memo.
Pinheads and Patriots
The patriot this evening is Karina Szypulski who lives in Newington, Connecticut. She wrote to us, quote, "I am so upset by media lies. I hope people see how much that hurts this country. I was not born here and had to take a test to become an American citizen, but I love this country very much."
Well, you're patriot, Karina and we are glad that you are here.
On the pinhead front, listen to this exchange.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
WHOOPI GOLDBERG, TALK SHOW HOST: I know a lot of conservative people. I know a ton of conservative -- I am friends with conservative people. Bill O'Reilly is a friend of mine.
KING: What do you make of his recent...?
GOLDBERG: I thought that was funny.
KING: funny?
GOLDBERG: Yes, I thought it was funny. You know, It's Bill, he's an entertainer. He's not a reporter, he's not a journalist. He is a guy with an opinion and sometimes he steps in it like I do.
KING: And what do you think he meant by, "blacks can be nice in a restaurant."
GOLDBERG: I think he was actually trying to make what I call the proper white man's point. When you -- you know -- when you watch those `60s movies -- you know -- and you hear the proper white man say, you know, we can all get along. That's what it was like.
O'REILLY: I don't think I've ever been called a proper white man before. So who's the pinhead? Well, it's Larry. Ms. Goldberg is entitled to her opinion, as misguided as it is, but Mr. King failed to put his questions into the proper context as he should have as a professional. Thus, Larry King is a pinhead. But, I still like him.

