Another attack on a church in San Francisco. And that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
35-year-old Paul Addis has been arrested on the steps of the Grace Episcopal Church. He had a belt of explosives around his waist. He is in jail right now.
This comes on the heels of two gay militants invading a San Francisco Catholic Church and defiling the Eucharist there. There is no question that far left subversives are running wild in the city by the bay. Police believe this Addis guy wanted to burn the church down and make a painting of it or some crazy thing. It is equally clear that the anti-religion, anti-military atmosphere in San Francisco is breeding a new kind of protestor, a dangerous kind.
As "Talking Points" has stated, unless the situation is dealt with by the authorities, people are going to die. In the last couple of weeks, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has been assaulted, President Clinton shouted down, and the Bill Maher program interrupted. The mainstream media has been largely silent in condemning these actions. And some loons are even encouraging them.
A columnist at "The Seattle Post Intelligencer", a radical left newspaper, said this about the San Francisco church arrest. "I can understand the power of the image to someone who sees the church as an oppressive institution. On the other hand.it's still arson."
Incredibly, the loon who wrote that, Dorothy Parvaz, is on the editorial board at "The Seattle PI". And we asked the publisher Roger Oglesby to comment. He would not. Here is his e-mail address if you would like to send a comment to him. RogerOglesby@seattlepi.com. Please keep it respectful.
We also asked San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom to comment. Here's what he said today about the gay militants who violated the Catholic Church.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GAVIN NEWSOM (D), SAN FRANCISCO MAYOR: The only person, it seems, in the United States that was fixated and focused on it was FOX News and Bill O'Reilly. Not one human being in San Francisco came to me and said, my gosh, mayor, do you know what happened in church today? Do I think it was the right thing? No. Do I think it was helpful — respectful? No, absolutely not.
So that's my personal opinion. That's been my professional opinion. But at the end of the day, I wasn't going to make it a federal offense and stop the presses and stop our work on homelessness, healthcare, and education just to respond to Bill O'Reilly.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
You know, what a - you know, mayor, people have a right to worship in your city uninterrupted. The fact that you failed to condemn that activity means and shows you are a coward and obviously irresponsible. But what else is new?
America has an honorable tradition of dissent, but anarchy does not fit into that category. These far-left loons are dangerous. Something must be done. And that's "The Memo".
Pinheads and Patriots
The taser guy, Andrew Meyer, has pled out for disrupting a John Kerry speech at the University of Florida. He gets probation. And if he stays out of trouble, his record will be cleared.
Today Mr. Meyer said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ANDREW MEYER, UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA STUDENT: You know, I did step out of line at the forum. A broke the forum rules, and I want to apologize for that.
I also want to apologize for the negative light this whole incident has cast on the university. Nothing like this has ever happened at the university before. Nothing like this ever happened to me.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So wait, let me make sure — Were you wrong or were the police who tasered you wrong? What's your opinion on that?
MEYER: You know, I think — I think that the police were acting — they were doing their job is what they're trying to do.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
All right. For that contrition, Andrew Meyer is a patriot, as "The Factor" believes in redemption. Plus, our "Don't Taze Me, Bro" bumper stickers have raised thousands for charity, thanks to Mr. Meyer. And you can get them on BillOReilly.com. So we're glad — we're glad he's a patriot.
On the pinhead front, raucous bounty hunter Duane "Dog" Chapman apparently doesn't approve of his son dating a woman of color and left a voicemail.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DUANE "DOG" CHAPMAN, BOUNTY HUNTER: It's not because she's black, it's because we use the word (EXPLETIVE DELETED) sometimes here. I'm not going to take a chance ever in life of losing everything I've worked for for 30 years because some (EXPLETIVE DELETED) (EXPLETIVE DELETED) heard us say (EXPLETIVE DELETED) and turned us into the Enquirer magazine. Our career is over. I'm not taking that chance at all, never in life."
(END VIDEO CLIP)
A&E has suspended his program, because he is a pinhead.

