Michael Moore's new movie touting the benefits of socialized medicine, that is the government running the medical system, is rather flat at the box office and the activist has been acting a bit erratically. He cancelled some engagements, showed up 90 minutes late for John Stewart. And when a CNN medical commentator criticized his film for being misleading, Moore went off:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MICHAEL MOORE, FILMMAKER: I'd like about ten minutes to respond to what was said.
WOLF BLITZER, CNN ANCHOR: Well, give us a couple headlines what you would like to say.
MOORE: I don't talk in sound bites. So — that report was so biased. I can't imagine what pharmaceutical company ads are coming up right after our break here.
But you know, why don't you tell the truth to the American people? I mean, I wish that CNN and the other mainstream media would just for once tell the truth about what's going on in this country, whether it's with healthcare — I don't care what it is. I mean, you guys have such a poor track record.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
All right. Now Moore went on to hammer Wolf Blitzer. And I can only say I wish Moore would come in here and try that. But he has dodged us. That's because I have his number. Five years ago, I asked Michael Moore this simple question.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: How liberal are you? Are you a socialist, a communist?
MOORE: You know, I've never understood these terms, because when you grow up in a place like Flint, Michigan, I mean there's no like liberal or left community there.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
All right, now the truth is that Moore is a socialist, which means he wants a liberal government to provide cradle-to-grave entitlements and have the right to seize personal assets through draconian taxation.
And this is the crux of the national health care debate. Those who want the government to run the show say it is your right to have free health care. It's a constitutional right. Many folks believe that. And those who don't are branded insensitive to those who can't afford health care.
But say national health care is passed. Then what? I can guarantee you that Michael Moore and his acolytes will say that decent food is a human right. So is decent housing and a dignified retirement and child care for working people, and on and on and on.
The nanny state is the ultimate goal.
Talking Points believes that government-run health care would be a disaster, featuring long waits for treatment and an enormous rise in taxation. But there should be government oversight on private insurance companies and strict guidelines about abusing customers.
There can be compromise and effective government control of medical care abuse in the USA. It is possible. But if Michael Moore's plan ever gets traction, pray hard you never get sick.
And that's The Memo.
Most Ridiculous Item
As you may know, far left zealot Stuart Smalley — aka Al Franken — is running for the Senate in Minnesota. Fortunately, he's way behind in the polls to the incumbent, Norm Coleman.
Now, Smalley has received a lot of showbiz money in his quest. Donors include Phil Donahue and Marlo Thomas. I know you're shocked. Kevin Bacon, Kevin Kline, Paul Newman, Garry Trudeau — the "Doonesbury" guy — Larry David, Jason Alexander, Jane Curtin, Bill Maher, Rob Reiner and Linda Ronstadt.
Also, Tom Hanks kicked in the maximum. Now, Mr. Hanks is interesting. Very quietly become a big donor to far-left causes. We ran up against him in the 9/11 charity controversy, when he criticized us for holding chaotic charities for getting donations to families who needed them. We were surprised by Hanks' position back then. We are no longer. Tom Hanks is a committed left-wing guy.
Ridiculous? It depends, of course, on your political point of view.

