Now last night, we told you about 61-year old Joe Horn, who shot two alleged burglars dead in Pasadena, Texas outside of Houston. The harrowing incident was recorded on 911:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOE HORN: OK, he's coming out the window right now. I got to go, buddy. I'm sorry, but he's coming out the window.
DISPATCHER: No, don't. Don't go out the door. Mr. Horn. Mr. Horn...
HORN: God -- they just stole something. I'm going out the window.
DISPATCHER: No...
HORN: I'm sorry, I ain't letting them get away with this. They stole something. They got a bag of stuff. I'm doing it. You hear the shotgun clicking, and I'm going.
DISPATCHER: Don't go outside.
HORN: Move, you're dead!
(END VIDEO CLIP)
And they were dead. Mr. Horn has not yet been charged, but a grand jury will most likely hear the case. However, "The Factor" has been investigating, and the victims or perpetrators, depending on your point of view, were both illegal aliens with criminal backgrounds. So once again, our chaotic immigration system has led to death.
Miguel Dejesus and Diego Ortiz were both from Colombia. Dejesus spent six years in a Texas prison for drug dealing, then was deported. Obviously, he came back illegally. Ortiz was arrested by Houston police on a drug charge. We don't know much more about him, because Houston is a "Sanctuary City" and does not cooperate with Homeland Security or with the press in matters involving criminal aliens.
As you may know, Houston is one of the most crime ridden cities in America and criminal aliens have added to that problem. Mayor Bill White and Police Chief Harold Hurtt remain totally defiant in the face of all the chaos. They are supported by the far left Houston Chronicle but now they may be partly responsible for the deaths of Dejesus and Ortiz.
You see, if Mayor White and Chief Hurtt would themselves obey the law and inform Homeland Security any time an illegal alien is arrested, some of the deadly dealings might stop. But White and Hurtt refuse to do that.
In Phoenix, Mayor Phil Gordon, who told us he would change that city's sanctuary policies, will now do so after police officer Nick Erpol was murdered by a criminal alien.
"Talking Points" has a simple question. How many more people have todie before the federal government denies federal funding to sanctuary cities? Places like Houston, San Francisco, New Haven, Connecticut, and so on should get no federal money, because their sanctuary policies are harming the country.
This isn't a complex issue. Homeland Security must be notified any time an illegal alien is arrested, period.
Few Americans will have any sympathy for Miguel Dejesus and Diego Ortiz, but they didn't deserve to die. And Joe Horn, obviously in an emotional state, does not deserve to have his life ruined.
Again and again, this broadcast has stated the illegal alien chaos muststop. And we should not vote for any presidential candidate who doesn't support the immediate confinement of criminal aliens. This has been going on for far too long.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads and Patriots
As you know we have won most of the Christmas war skirmishes but in Madison, Wisconsin, they are still calling the state Christmas tree a "holiday" tree. This nonsense has been going on since 1985, because Madison is a secular-progressive heaven.
But now State Rep. Marlin Schneider, a Democrat, has introduced a resolution officially naming the Christmas tree, "the Christmas tree," and it passed in committee eight to one. For this Marlin Schneider is a patriot.
No question who the pinhead is today. Senator Joseph Biden irresponsibly called President Bush a liar on the Iran intelligence story. And Bush -- Biden, I should say, continues to run away from "The Factor."
Now, I actually agree with Senator Biden on some issues, but he's definitely a pinhead on this one, no doubt.

