The open border people strike back. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
Homeland Security has launched raids in Los Angeles and the New York City area arresting more than 1,000 people who are living in the USA illegally. These raids are extremely controversial and the open order lobby has condemn them.
In Nassau County, gang members were targeted but some say that the raids were botched. In L.A. alien fugitives were apprehended, but again, the press hammered the ICE raids. There is no question that many in the liberal media do not want to disturb illegal aliens who are peaceful and do not want to stop the flow of illegals into the USA.
This point of view is best illustrated by "The Houston Chronicle" which not only supports Houston's sanctuary city policy but also opposes the border fence.
Today the "Chronicle" writes, quote, "The fence's hostile symbolism also will have tangible costs. McAllen is the number one shopping destination in America for Mexican residents. This concern might be moot if a border fence magically could end illegal immigration and Americans' massive demand for it. The fence's placement might also be defensible if it could guarantee America's safety from terrorists. It will do neither, of course."
So if I'm reading this correctly, we should not build a fence on the Mexican border because it might interrupt shopping and it cannot guarantee that terrorists will not strike us. Wow.
Now, the "Houston Chronicle" and others simply want the chaos to continue. They fall back on the canard of immigration reform. But that is a ruse. The open border crowd opposes the fence, sanctions on people who hire illegals, deportations and on-and-on.
In San Diego the border fence has actually cut illegal crossings and crime big time and the stats prove it. And the fence will make it much more difficult for smugglers to bring cocaine and heroin to Houston, a city that has a huge crime problem.
The fence will make difficult for many to cross illegally and many will not even try. But again, the open border media see that as cruel. America should not be denying poor people the chance at "the dream". "Talking Points" is typically sympathetic to be honest people who have come to the USA to earn a living and have taken advantage of the feds looking the other way for over 20 years.
But now the situation is out of control. And all the polls show most Americans want the problem solved without blanket amnesty. So the open border crowd must be called out and challenged. At this point illegal immigration is hurting the country. The law must be defined and enforced.
And that's the "Memo."
Pinheads and Patriots
Time now for "Pinheads and Patriots." I can't believe this but 50 years ago today the sitcom "Leave it to Beaver" debuted on TV. And it's still on in reruns of course. And the kids still love it.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JERRY MATHERS, ACTOR: "Leave it to Beaver" is something I am very proud of. It is probably the pinnacle of my career but there is nothing wrong with hitting your pinnacle at a very young age. I have done a lot of things, I have met people all the world and done things that I would have never been able to do had it not been for "Leave it to Beaver."
(END VIDEO CLIP)
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now I bet you people come up to you every day and go "Hey, Wally. How you doin'?"
TONY DOW, DIRECTOR, PRODUCER: They do.
O'REILLY: Does that get a little old or — Tony — I mean, is that...you know?
DOW: Well. You know, occasionally. But it is interesting, in the last 10 years I have been able to reconcile it. And now I understand it better.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, for being a part of the "Beaver" legacy, Mr. Mathers and Mr. Dow are patriots. And so is their TV mom Barbara Billingsley who is still ticking at age 91.
Now on the pinhead front. Another former child star, Danny Bonaduce in trouble again. On an awards show, Bonnaduce roughed up a guy named Johnny Fairplay who was once on the "Survivor" program. Fairplay got some of — look at that. He got some of his teeth knocked out after Bonaduce flipped him. Police are investigating but no matter what happens here, Bonaduce is a pinhead. You don't do that kind of stuff. You know?

