Keeping yourself safe from harm, that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
In the last week, two gruesome stories have gotten a lot of attention: the murder of Jessie Davis and her nine-month-old fetus, allegedly by her boyfriend Bobby Cutts, and the murders of Nancy Benoit and her 7-year-old son Daniel by professional wrestler Chris Benoit, who then hung himself.
In both of these terrible situations, the men involved were troubled and chaotic. And the women involved had to know that. Now I'm not blaming the victims here, but I am saying that every one of us has to make smart decisions especially when children are involved.
Jessie Davis had to know this Cutts guy was a chaotic, irresponsible person with two families in Ohio and another out of wedlock child in California. Then Ms. Davis gets pregnant by Cutts again. Come on.
In the Benoit case, authorities say the wrestler was actually injecting his 7-year-old with some kind of substance, possibly human growth hormone. There were needle marks on the boy's body. Nancy Benoit certainly should have seen that.
A few years ago, she filed a domestic violence complaint against Benoit. Also, anabolic steroids were found in the house.
Now most crimes of violence are committed by people who know their victims. And irresponsible behavior is the tip off. If you are involved with someone who does chaotic things, you will get hurt. It's just a matter of when.
We in the media are big on covering lurid crime stories, but we rarely explain why they happen. That's because the why requires judgments. And once you make judgments, the secular progressive crew will come down on you. Again, no one is blaming Jessie Davis and Nancy Benoit for the crimes. The women should be alive today, but those ladies made big mistakes. They were obligated to protect their children. And I submit by allowing the chaos, they did not protect them.
The result — a 7-year-old and 9-month-old fetus were murdered. The lesson here is a tough one. Every person makes mistakes, but some people live in that zone and will not stop their destructive behavior. If you are involved with that kind of person, get out now. And that's the "Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item
Time now for "The Most Ridiculous Item of the Day." As everybody should know by now, police work is really hard. In Denver, cops were chasing a carjacker when a pursuing police officer and the perp were hit — there they are — by an unmarked police car. Look at that.
Cop's a tough guy. He went on and did his job. He is OK. The suspect was taken to the hospital. We don't feel sorry for him. To do so would be ridiculous.

