John Couey guilty of killing nine-year-old Jessica Lunsford: that's the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
To no one's surprise the monstrous John Couey has been convicted of kidnapping Jessica from her home, holding her hostage in a trailer with three other people present in said trailer, raping the little girl, and then burying her alive as she clutched her stuffed dolphin. It does not get worse than that.
Couey was convicted despite the fact that Jessica could not testify, that his compatriots, two of whom helped him flee, did not testify because of an incompetent prosecutor Brad King, and despite the fact there was no eyewitness to the crime.
I point this out because that's the excuse the anti-Jessica's Law people continue to put forth. That you can't get convictions against child predators if you don't have plea bargain capabilities. As the Couey case proves, that's a lie. And Couey will now most likely be executed.
The cold truth is John Couey should never have been walk around free. He had been arrested 26 times and was convicted of lewd behavior with a 14-year-old girl among other things.
Despite his extensive criminal history Couey was not under Florida's supervision. — He was free to float around, smoke crack and brutalize nine-year-olds.
Now Florida does have Jessica's Law as do most other states. But 11 states continue to hold out. There is no excuse any longer. Child predators do not deserve a second chance. Do it once, you forfeit most of your life. I can't tell you how angry I am that states like Vermont continue to pursue restorative justice, lying to their citizens that that will make them safer.
Jessica Lunsford is everyone's child. All Americans should take her death very personally and condemn in the strongest terms child predators and those who cover for them.
And one more thing: The three people who helped Couey are free this very evening, failing to pay any price whatsoever for aiding this monster. And the man who failed to pursue those people, Florida state attorney Brad King, is still sitting in his office. Shameful. None of this should ever happen in America.
And that's "The Memo."
Most Ridiculous Item
An update as promised on the companies who have donated money to get a memorial built to honor wounded American veterans.
So far Ford Motor Company, Fifth Third Bank Foundation, Health Net Federal Services, and the state of Maryland have all ponied up significant amounts of money for the memorial, which will be built close to the capital in Washington, D.C.
Now, we hope more corporations will help out here. We will have Gary Sinise, the actor, on in a few days. He's leading the drive to get the memorial built. And we will keep you posted.
We're also going to post all the companies on BillOReilly.com that do this and urge you to do business with those companies, you know, because, look, we've got to get this thing built. Corporate money is going to do it.
A memorial for the wounded warrios is certainly not ridiculous.

