There is an interesting debate among Republicans. Some want Senator McCain to go scorched-earth Wednesday night against Barack Obama, hammering him on William Ayers, ACORN, and even Reverend Wright. People in this camp want a brawl.
Other Republicans believe that kind of exposition would hurt McCain, as the press would spin the attacks as desperation and racist, that kind of stuff. Remember, Independent voters, especially women, are the ones who will decide the race.
Already a group supporting McCain, but not associated with him, is letting it fly in a TV ad.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Barack Obama seems to have different values from most Americans. His supporters put up Cuban flags with the murderous leftist Che Guevara in Obama's campaign offices. Obama's campaign received $33,000 in illegal donations from Palestinians living in the Middle East. A top official of the terrorist group Hamas endorsed Obama's campaign. And who can forget these hateful sermons from Obama's pastor of over 20 years?
REV. JEREMIAH WRIGHT: God damn America.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Our Country Deserves Better PAC is responsible for the content of this ad.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Also, a full-page ad urging debate moderator Bob Schieffer to ask about Obama's income redistribution plan appeared today.
Now, "Talking Points" believes McCain should ask Obama about his past associations to define the issue. Clearly, that is why McCain feels a guy like Ayers, for example, is important.
But there's no doubt in my mind that McCain must make points on the economy if he hopes to win, and not complicated policy points. The senator needs to be somewhat emotional and dramatic. He needs to feel the pain Americans are feeling.
As for Barack Obama, he simply has to keep his composure and restate his points. All he has to do is prevent McCain from making him look foolish. A debate tie would be great news for Obama.
With two and a half weeks left in the race, John McCain needs to state one solid message, and that message should be that he will avenge the folks for the economic corruption both on Wall Street and in government. He will right the wrongs and deal with the betrayal people are feeling. That's it. That is the only thing that will turn things around for McCain.
"Talking Points" made that suggestion last week, but the McCain campaign did not respond. Since that time, however, a number of people at McCain events have told the senator face to face he needs to confront the villains.
Yes, Ayers is a villain, but that was a long time ago. Some current villains are still sitting in plush offices on Wall Street and Capitol Hill. Those are the people McCain should concentrate on.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
This nice tie I'm wearing tonight was sent to me by the Susan G. Komen organization, which raises awareness of breast cancer. October is the month when American women are alerted, especially, to the dangers of the disease. So please get checked out by your doctor. And everybody involved in the awareness and cure of breast cancer is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, the controversial ACORN organization has endorsed Stuart Smalley, aka Al Franken, who's, incredibly, running for the Senate in Minnesota. Franken, of course, is thrilled, saying he is honored to be endorsed by an organization that is accused of voter fraud all over the country.
Actually, Franken just said he was honored by ACORN's endorsement. I threw in the other stuff. Satire. But what is not satirical is that Franken is a dangerous pinhead.

