It is hard to express how angry I am that, once again, the federal government has let us down. All this week, I have been documenting the incredible irresponsibility that is causing so many Americans so much pain.
Look, most of us work hard. We're honest. We play by the rules. We love our country. All we want from our government is to protect us from harm, and that includes overseeing greedy, corrupt business people who would harm the economy for short-term profit. If we play by the rules, ladies and gentlemen, the government should honor that contract and inform us if things go wrong.
We were not informed before Al Qaeda attacked us on 9/11. We didn't know what Al Qaeda was. We were not informed that the economy was in this much peril because of irresponsible lending schemes.
Now, there's plenty of blame to go around, but I'm tired of the finger-pointing and the foolish partisan garbage. If you don't know what I'm talking about here, let Senator Harry Reid clarify my remarks. The Senate majority leader held a press conference Friday and said this about the bailout debate:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. HARRY REID, D-SENATE MAJORITY LEADER: The insertion of presidential politics has not been helpful. It's been harmful. A few days ago, I called on Senator McCain to take a stand, let us know where he stands on the issue on this bailout, but all he has done is stand in front of the cameras. We still don't know where he stands on the issue.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Hard to believe. Reid says the insertion of presidential politics is harmful, and exactly two seconds later inserts presidential politics. "Saturday Night Live" alert.
"Talking Points" expects a financial deal shortly, and that will buy America some time. But our country will change drastically because of this violation of trust. Massive entitlements and pork spending will vanish for a while because there's no money for it. And if the next president raises taxes on any business or person, he does so at enormous risk.
Finally, I'm not going to forget this and neither will you. So we the people will be a lot more cautious with our money. If the government finally imposes some financial discipline, finally begins treating tax dollars with respect, then the chaos will lead to something good. But if the feds continue to be irresponsible, cynically trying to buy votes, then God help us.
And that's "The Memo."

