This is a rush transcript from "The O'Reilly Factor," October 23, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Back of the Book" segment tonight: "Reality Check," with a war. And it is a war, ladies and gentlemen, between The New York Times and FOX News, and it has broken out into the open.
The Times Thursday used the announcement of my new contract to put forth that FOX News may be in trouble ratings-wise. The article, written by Bill Carter, raises questions about how much longer FOX News will be successful. In the body of the article, Carter raises the absurd contention that MSNBC is competitive with FNC.
Hey, Bill, are you going to print that last night I beat their guttersnipe at 8 by two million viewers, 200,000 in the key demo? Are you going to print that, sir? Of course you won't. Why? Because you're corrupt and you ought to quit the business.
Now, here are the facts.
Click here to watch "Reality Check."
No. 1, The New York Times is in business with MSNBC but seldom tells its readers that.
No. 2, over the past two years, Times TV writers Carter, Brian Stelter, Jacques Steinberg and some others have done a combined 41 positive articles on NBC News. Forty-one, including its cable channels. Talk about being in the tank. I hope you guys are getting some money from NBC.
No. 3, "The Factor" wins the 8 p.m. time slot 100 percent of the time in total audience and 94 percent of the time in the 25-54 demo.
No. 4, we don't just win, we more than double MSNBC in total audience and beat them by 32 percent in the demo.
No. 5, overall this year, FOX News has been in the top ten of all cable networks, and MSNBC is something like 28, down in that zone.
Now, the corrupt Bill Carter ignored all that. He is quite a guy. Comparing this October to last October, "The Factor's" younger viewer demo has increased 90 percent. Again, Carter somehow missed that.
It's obvious The New York Times is a dishonest paper, totally in bed with the hard left, which is what NBC News has become, an agency of the committed left. And The Times is suffering for its deceptive reporting. Its stock price is down 54 percent. Advertising revenue plummeting. Layoffs on the way.
While FOX News continues to rule, there are major problems with the Nielsen ratings system. There have been wild swings in the ratings that have benefited MSNBC. We've asked for an explanation of those wild swings. Nielsen can't explain them and those swings are unprecedented in the television business.
An examination of Nielsen shows that their personnel is overwhelmingly liberal. Twenty-six Nielsen executives, including CEO Susan Whiting, have donated to the Democrats. Two to the Republicans.
The bottom line on this is there may be some big-time cheating going on in the ratings system, and we hope the feds will investigate. Any fraud in the television rating system affects all Americans.
"Check" two: Hollywood is really stepping up its pro-Obama campaign, and the headliner is Ron Howard, who once played Opie and Richie Cunningham.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
RON HOWARD, DIRECTOR: I've never done this before, and I hope never to do it again, but I guess you could say I'm feeling pretty desperate these days. So as a demonstration of my sincerity, this is for you, America.
Pa, why are people so set on staying on the same road that's been messing us up for so long?
ANDY GRIFFITH, ACTOR: Well, Ope, people are funny. Sometimes change scares them.
HOWARD: When I'm a grown-up, I sure would like to vote for somebody as good as Mr. Obama.
Gee, Fonz, I sure hope our country gets itself back on track.
HENRY WINKLER, ACTOR: You know, I'll tell you something. Eight years ago I thought to myself, "OK, we got the president of the United States, Cheney, Bush, we should give them a shot." Was I wr — I was so wr...
HOWARD: You were wrong, Fonz?
WINKLER: That's the word.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
Well, the Obama campaign should be very happy with that.
"Check" three: The World Series is now involved in the campaign. Listen to this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOHN MCCAIN: It's pretty simple, really. When he's campaigning in Philadelphia, he roots for the Phillies. Then when he's campaigning in Tampa Bay, he shows love to the Rays.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, according to the Associated Press, Obama did say he was rooting for the Phils last weekend, and on Monday said he was showing some love to the Rays. But you can show love for the Rays and root for the Phillies, can't you? Not if you're in Philadelphia you can't. That's for sure.
And finally, "Check" Four: Our pal Dennis Miller is helping a charity called Honor and Remember, which is campaigning for a special flag, a unique flag to honor those killed fighting for America. If you would like to help in this regard, their Web site is HonorandRemember.org. Very worthy charity.
That is "Reality Check."


