Racial politics and the Democratic presidential contest. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
Because America is a very polarized place these days, anything you say about race can and will be used against you. That statement was amply demonstrated a few months ago when I was criticizing racial prejudice on the radio.
My statements were twisted around by a corrupt Internet site, then picked up by so-called mainstream press vehicles like CNN and The Atlanta Journal Constitution, which are invested in damaging this network.
So when Hillary Clinton said the following, controversy was predictable.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HILLARY CLINTON: I would point to the fact that Dr. King's dream began to be realized when President Lyndon Johnson passed the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Almost immediately, some people said that was a slap at Dr. King. But Barack Obama says his campaign did not comment.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BARACK OBAMA: For them somehow to suggest that we're interjecting race as a consequence of a statement she made that we haven't commented on is pretty hard to figure out.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
However, the Clinton campaign was having none of that.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HILLARY CLINTON: I think it's important to set the record straight. Clearly we know from media reports that the Obama campaign is deliberately distorting this.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Who knows? What is true is that Hillary Clinton was making a point that it takes a powerful president to pass tough legislation. That, of course, is true.
The racial component here is murky, but the corrupt American press ran with it big time. In fact, they threw in this comment made by Bill Clinton.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BILL CLINTON: This whole thing is a biggest fairy tale I've ever seen.
TIM RUSSERT, "MEET THE PRESS": Congressman James Clyburn of South Carolina, who's neutral, said this: "To call that dream a fairy tale, which Bill Clinton seemed to be doing, could very well be insulting to some of us.
HILLARY CLINTON: Let me just stop you right there. Now wait a minute. You did not...
RUSSERT: I didn't stop you. Let me focus...
HILLARY CLINTON: No, but you did not give the entire quote.
RUSSERT: Yes, but you...
HILLARY CLINTON: And so, the entire quote was clearly about the position on Iraq.
RUSSERT: But...
HILLARY CLINTON: It was not about the entire candidacy.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
And Senator Clinton is correct. Mr. Russert took Bill Clinton's words out of context. The former president was talking about Obama's Iraq position.
Now we're not defending the Clinton campaign. "Talking Points" is simply pointing out the media is going to manufacture phony controversies and that everything said about race will be twisted. Unfortunately, it is simply impossible to have a frank discussion about race in America.
To his credit, Barack Obama has not played the race card, and his campaign should drop this LBJ thing immediately. No good can come of it.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
As you may know, "Factor" producer Jesse Watters is one of our go-to guys when tracking down villains. Well now Watters has come up with a high-tech promotion for the "Factor."
If you have a cell phone, and who doesn't, you can now get a No Spin Mobile Alert sent to you everyday telling you what we're doing on "The Factor," so you won't miss anything.
To sign up, text the word "Factor" to FNCTV (36288). Simple and effective. For coming up with this, Watters is a patriot. I hate to say it.
On the pinhead front, Joran van der Sloot, a suspect in the disappearance of Natalee Holloway, as you may know, lost it on Dutch TV, throwing a glass of wine in the face of a journalist.
That's nice, isn't it? Apparently they drink wine during television interviews in Holland. How quaint.
No doubt, Van der Sloot is a pinhead, probably much worse than that.

