This is a rush transcript from "The O'Reilly Factor," May 7, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Miller Time" segment tonight: This syndicated radio star is of course all over the Obama-Hillary vote last night and the upcoming campaign against John McCain, whom I will talk with Thursday. Dennis joins us now from Los Angeles.
OK. So when you saw everything happen last night — I know how the Miller mind works — so you're looking at it and you're trying to get some kind of observations out of it, because you're an observational comedian. And what were your headlines? Go.
DENNIS MILLER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, the ridiculousness of Hillary Clinton, Wellesley grad, being the shot and the beer gal now who wants to obliterate Tehran just fell in last night. It couldn't support its own weight. Doesn't support its own weight today.
It's down in West Virginia. She's in buckskin with a flintlock looking for the Ed Ames endorsement. It's just crazy. She's just crazy.
O'REILLY: But folks weren't — but the blue-collar folks, the white folks voted for her.
MILLER: Yes, well, I — listen, all I know is Chelsea came on and endorsed Barack today, so I think it's over.
But Obama has his own problems. Rev. Wright is going to be around all during the fall. I see where he signed on to referee the next WrestleMania, so everybody has got headaches.
O'REILLY: So you believe that the tact that she took, trying to appeal to the white collars in Indiana and North Carolina, backfired on her, even though she did, you know, carry that crew? It was like a 60-40 deal. What else could she have done though? I mean, Obama is a, you know, formidable candidate. What else could she have done?
MILLER: Not be Hillary Clinton, quite frankly. And you know, this change in the middle of the road, two things happened last week: She came on "The Factor." That buys her some goodwill. It convinces other people, quite frankly, where has she been all along. She's disingenuous. All of a sudden, she's going to paint herself as Lisa from "Green Acres"? It's just silly. She's not a gingham gal. And around halfway through the week, everybody looked at her and just said this woman would do absolutely anything. I can't vote for her just because she's creeping me out, quite frankly.
O'REILLY: OK. Now...
MILLER: She is like Sara Jane Moore with Gerry Ford. Everywhere you look, she's there.
O'REILLY: See, I'm still working on the "Green Acres," Lisa deal. I don't quite remember her. But I assume that she...
MILLER: Wasn't that Eva Gabor's name, Lisa? Oliver and Lisa.
O'REILLY: Now, there was a real good country woman, Eva Gabor. That was real good casting in the "Green Acres" hierarchy.
MILLER: It's more believable than Hillary, quite frankly.
O'REILLY: OK, now Barack Obama is going to be the guy. And what do you think his main weakness is? If you were John McCain's adviser, where would you go with it?
MILLER: If I was John McCain's adviser, I would tell him to crack some eggs and to not walk on egg shells. This whole thing about treating either a woman or a black guy as a Faberge egg, to me it seems condescending and racist. This is the guy running for the presidency. You're going to have to lock antlers with him at times, and you're going to have to rock him back on his heels because he's going to try to rock you back on his heels.
And you know what? If I was one thing, if I was Barack Obama, you know, I would never have Bill Clinton over my shoulder, because I haven't seen a guy that florid, and it looked like an albino at spring break, for God's sakes.
O'REILLY: Yes, he wasn't looking good last night. I don't know.
MILLER: If Clinton — if Bill Clinton offers his services, if he does get the nomination...
O'REILLY: No.
MILLER: ...he should not have him back.
O'REILLY: Well, I think what happened to Clinton was the tanning booth. Something malfunctioned there. I could be wrong.
But would you go after Obama if you were McCain? I'm going to ask McCain this tomorrow night, by the way. Would you go after him for the Rev. Wright thing? Would you make that a central piece? Would you make the Michelle Obama comments about our country a central piece or would you just ignore that?
MILLER: I wouldn't make the Rev. Wright any part of it, except to say, "Listen, man, what are you doing not — to the point where you don't hear your preacher over 20 years?" I wouldn't go into what Rev. Wright said. I wouldn't even hint that Barack Obama believed that.
That's the problem. You can go after Barack Obama on Rev. Wright and not infer that he believes any of that frabbajabba. It's insane. All you have to do is say, "What's the deal telling me you didn't know about it for 20 years?" That's where you go after him. You just have to dial it in a little tighter.
Rev. Wright's fair game. Don't go in clumsy and say, "Hey, you must believe what he believes." He doesn't. He's not nuts like that. But he did sit there for 20 years. He's a bit disingenuous about it. That's where you go. What else are you hedging your bets about?
O'REILLY: That's fair enough. Thirty seconds, anything you want me to ask McCain?
MILLER: Yes. Ask him if he found that Barbara Walters answer about Brooke as full of it as I did. You know, maybe Frank Reynolds and Harry Reasoner didn't want to talk to her because they sensed she was indiscrete. It's 30 years down the road. I think the guy is still hitched. For a book in your 80s, you've got to wheel that out? That's bad form, Babs.
O'REILLY: All right. There you go. Dennis Miller. Never the diplomat. That's why we love him.


