There have been a number of newspaper articles saying that some Republicans are going to go negative on Michelle Obama during the upcoming campaign.
"Talking Points" believes that would be disastrous for the GOP if it happens, and FOX News political guy Frank Luntz agrees with me. That's because independent voters will decide who will be the next president, and many non-ideological people do not feel comfortable watching a candidate's wife get hammered, unless there is some kind of smoking gun — a large smoking gun.
The rap against Mrs. Obama is that she is angry with America, and her "proud" quote was widely discussed. That's fine. She has issued a clarification. You either believe her or you don't.
According to Rasmussen, 42 percent of Americans have a negative opinion of Mrs. Obama. Again, that's legitimate. All Americans are entitled to their opinions. But to make her a focal point of the campaign will anger many, perhaps most Americans.
Think about it. The reason the far left hasn't been able to win anything is that they are so hateful. Their recent attacks on Hillary Clinton demonstrated once and for all what kind of people the far-left loons are — vile people. Just go to the Daily Kos or The Huffington Post and check it out.
Air America is in bankruptcy. Why? Because Al Franken and his pals peddled hate 24/7 and listeners tuned out.
MSNBC is the 27th-ranked cable channel — behind the tomato channel I believe — because some of their commentators are blatantly dishonest and off the chart haters. Only extremists buy into that.
By the way, at 8 p.m. last night "The Factor" beat MSNBC by 139 percent in total audience and 102 percent in the key demo.
So Republicans and conservatives should take heed. If you stoop to the level of the far left, if you personally attack a wife and a mother without a major reason, you will lose big.
There are boundaries in this country, even though the haters are trying to break them down.
Bottom line: Michelle Obama can be criticized — that's legit — but not attacked. There's a difference.
The Republican Party needs to wise up fast. Americans are angry right now, seething that OPEC and greedy oil people are hurting them every day and the government did nothing to prevent this foreseeable disaster.
The GOP needs to get on the side of the folks, and it won't do that by attacking a woman.
Hey, come up with an energy plan that will bring us some relief. That's how Republicans can come back. Let's have some bold, creative policy. Leave the smears and hatred to the far-left guttersnipes.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Actor Paul Newman has cancer, according to close friends, and our prayers are with him and his family.
It was also reported that over the past two years, Mr. Newman has donated an astounding $120 million to his charitable foundation.
We have admired Newman for years. No doubt he is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, cameras caught Howard Dean and Senator Harry Reid dishing about Senator Charles Schumer, who is known for his verbiage.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HOWARD DEAN, DNC CHAIR: (INAUDIBLE)
SEN. HARRY REID, D-NEV.: Wait until Schumer stops talking.
DEAN: That will be a long wait.
I want to thank you all for coming.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Dean, as usual, is a pinhead. What say you, Senator Schumer?

