Barack Obama gotcha, that is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
ABC News guys Charles Gibson and George Stephanopoulos, a former Bill Clinton confidant, peppered Barack Obama with tough questions last night during the debate. Of course, some far-left loons are furious about that.
But there is a legitimate question: Were the boys too hard on Senator Obama?
The answer is no. The senator is caught up in a variety of controversies and explanations are needed. The problem is Hillary Clinton wasn't hammered with the same enthusiasm.
I don't get this. In a two-hour debate, why can't you get tough on both candidates? In the previous debates, especially the ones on NBC, their people were in the tank for Obama, hitting Hillary hard. Last night, just Obama got it.
Anyway, the questions were legit. Obama's got to answer this stuff and that's that.
Now what's the most important part of the story of the debate last night? Some Weather Underground guy that Obama knows in Chicago? No. Obama's alleged condescending attitude toward gun owners and church goers? Might be a problem for him. But by far the most damaging situation for Obama remains Reverend Jeremiah Wright. He could be a deal-breaker.
As we reported Monday, Reverend Wright will soon move into a 10,000-square-foot home and have access to a $10 million line of credit attached to that property. Simply stunning, especially because Wright is a major race-baiter.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REV. JEREMIAH WRIGHT, OBAMA'S SPIRITUAL ADVISOR: Who cares about what a poor black man has to face every day in a country and a culture controlled by rich white people? Hillary ain't had to work twice as hard just to get accepted by the rich white folk who run everything, or to get a passing grade when you know you are smarter than that "C" student sitting in the White House. Oh, I am so glad that I've got a God who knows what it is to be a poor black man in a country and a culture that is controlled by and run by rich white people.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, he's going to be getting to know a lot of rich white people. He's moving into a primarily white neighborhood and his house is abutting a golf course. He's going to see a few white people. And maybe he wants to keep an eye on those evil rich people. Yes, that's why he's doing it. He wants to keep an eye on them.
Barack Obama's tax returns show he gave $26,000 to Wright's church last year. You can make the call on that. I have no problem with that donation.
But there's no question that Wright is a race-baiter and he's making big money doing that. That is Obama's big problem. Believe me, we're going to hear about that until November.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
We told you on Monday that the CEO of General Electric, Jeffrey Immelt, is a bad guy and an incompetent manager. Well, today the front page of The Wall Street Journal echoes our report and smacks Immelt on deceiving GE stockholders.
The article didn't mention Immelt doing business with Iran — I wish it had — but the exposure of Immelt's incompetence is worthy. Mr. Immelt is a pinhead.
On the patriot front, Vice President Dick Cheney yucked it up with the press corps in Washington last night.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DICK CHENEY, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Barack Obama and I have had our disagreements, and frankly I do wish he'd keep these things in the family. For example, I keep telling him it's time to start thinking about a choice for vice-president. He says he'll find a running mate just as soon as he's got himself a new pastor. I like that one.
You in the press need to go easy on Senator Clinton on the whole business about running and ducking from gunfire in Bosnia. She made an honest mistake. She confused the Bosnia trip with the time I took her hunting.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
For mocking himself, Dick Cheney is a patriot.

