Once again, Hillary Clinton fails to knock down Barack Obama. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
The debate last night was pretty much standard fare. Both candidates want comprehensive immigration reform, universal health care, and will turn the economy around. Nothing new there.
In fact, the debate was pretty boring. And not that many people watched it. "American Idol" was on, and we had a red-hot "Factor" last night.
Now, most experts believe that Hillary Clinton has to marginalize Barack Obama somehow in the next 10 days. And this was her attempt last night.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HILLARY CLINTON: If your candidacy is going to be about words, then they should be your own words. That's, I think, a very simple proposition. And you know, lifting whole passages from someone else's speeches is not change you can believe in. It's change you can Xerox.
BARACK OBAMA: Well, that's not…
CLINTON: And I just don't think — no, but you know, but Barack, it is. Because if, you know, if you look…
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, that didn't work. So at the end of the debate, Mrs. Clinton got a bit emotional, as she did in New Hampshire.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CLINTON: I am honored to be here with Barack Obama. I am absolutely honored. And you know, whatever happens, we're going to be fine. You know, we have strong support from our families and our friends. I just hope that we'll be able to say the same thing about the American people.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, a new ABC News poll out today says Barack Obama has now tied Hillary Clinton in Texas and is close to within seven points in Ohio. So the smart money is saying unless Barack Obama makes a huge mistake, that he will be the Democratic nominee.
Caution, though, as we saw with the incredible comeback of John McCain and the incredible rise of Barack Obama, anything can happen in politics these days.
Finally, "Talking Points" wants to point out that the attack on John McCain by The New York Times has actually helped Senator McCain. Reaction from most Americans is that McCain was badly treated by the ultra-liberal Times.
This not only hurts that newspaper, but the liberal cause in general. If the media continues to attack the Republican candidate and gives the Democrats a pass, millions of independent voters will note that. It is interesting how these things go.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
The Academy Awards will be given out this Sunday. As we mentioned, not too many seem to care, but we respect the tradition.
And the winners are: "No Country for Old Men", best picture; Daniel Day-Lewis, best actor; Julie Christie, best actress; Javier Bardem, best supporting actor; and Ruby Dee, best supporting actress.
And tonight, all creative film people of goodwill who entertain millions all over the world are patriots.
On the pinhead front, our pal Joy Behar of the "The View" said this about the McCain-Times controversy.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": I'm just throwing this out, and Bill O'Reilly will call me a pinhead for this, but is there any possibility that the right-wing of the party — the real conservative, Limbaugh, Huckabee, that group — planted this article, like they're behind it?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
No, there isn't. Ms. Behar is an oracle.

