The white backlash against Reverend Wright and racist accusations. That is the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo."
As we've been reporting, millions of Americans of all colors are fed up with race baiters and accusations of racism. This vile stuff has been going on far too long. And now with the Wright controversy, critical mass has been reached.
Here is a partial list of people that Jesse Jackson's organizations have labeled racist: President Bush, President Bush the elder, President Reagan, Newt Gingrich, Don Imus, Trent Lott, Gary Hart and Jeb Bush.
The hateful far-left Media Matters Web site has branded as racist the following: Alan Colmes, John Gibson, Glenn Beck, Michelle Malkin, Neil Cavuto, Sean Hannity, Rush Limbaugh and Fred Barnes among others.
Liberal icons Senator Joe Biden and Geraldine Ferraro have both been branded racist. Comedian Bill Maher was called racist by his former girlfriend Nancy Johnson, who sued him.
The list goes on and on.
The result of all this garbage is that millions of white Americans will no longer even think about discussing race with blacks. It is far too dangerous. Any slip of the tongue can lead to big trouble.
One of the biggest race baiters in the country writes for the St. Petersburg Times newspaper. Eric Deggans also serves as the chairman of the Black Journalist Media Monitoring Committee. Deggans takes delight in branding people racist. Senator Joseph McCarthy would love this guy.
So what should be done? Well, full exposure of the race baiters is No. 1. They will be challenged here.
Secondly, African-Americans should realize that this stuff drives good people away from constructive dialogue that might advance racial harmony in America. The race baiters and the profiteers actually hurt minorities by inhibiting sincere discussion.
If you've watched "The Factor" over the years, you know we have a great guest list filled with smart Americans of all colors and ethnicities. We have a respectful relationship with Al Sharpton. We have introduced the country to great minds like Juan Williams and Dr. Marc Lamont Hill.
We'll continue to do that in the No Spin Zone because no-spin people come in all colors. But you race hustlers out there, you race baiters, you better watch it. We've got your number, and the gloves are off.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Spirited bidding in our auction to help the Wounded Warrior project. Five of my ties are up for grabs, and the bidding ends at midnight tonight. I will match the winning bids and double them, so the Wounded Warriors will get a nice contribution Tuesday. All of you who have tried to help our wounded are, of course, patriots.
On the pinhead front, what is going on in Hollywood? The former captain of "NYPD Blue," Esai Morales, said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ESAI MORALES, ACTOR: And if you look at YouTube, there's a thing called "America's Drug War." And it shows how our presidents, from Reagan to Bush — and I don't know who else — took up bags of crack cocaine and introduced it to the world as a scourge. It wasn't as big of a problem until the president brings it up. And it seems like they're promoting the very thing they're saying they're against.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Good grief. Obviously, Mr. Morales is a pinhead.

