The race hammer in play again. That is the subject of tonight's "Talking Points Memo." And a viewer warning: rough language ahead.
One of the worst things about America is this racial stuff on both sides. As you may know, liberal icon Geraldine Ferraro was forced to resign from Hillary Clinton's campaign because she said Senator Obama would not be where he is today if not for his color.
Now, I disagree with Ms. Ferraro and told her so. Senator Obama's charisma and everyman message has propelled him, not his race. There have been other black presidential candidates who failed to ignite. And you don't win lily-white states like Iowa and New Hampshire on a racial profile. So Geraldine Ferraro is wrong, but she's certainly not racist.
Notorious race-baiting columnists Eugene Robinson of The Washington Post and Mary Mitchell of the Chicago Sun-Times couldn't wait to viciously attack Ms. Ferraro. These people you are looking at right now are the American media at its worst.
And today, there's yet another race issue from the other side. Chicago preacher Jeremiah Wright is Barack Obama's pastor. He even married the senator and his wife. Well FOX News has obtained portions of Reverend Wright's sermons that are anti-American, to say the least. Viewer warning: some offensive material coming up.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REV. JEREMIAH WRIGHT, BARACK OBAMA'S PASTOR: Barack knows what it means to be a black man living in a country and a culture that is controlled by rich white people. Hillary can never know that. Hillary ain't never been called a [n-word].
Hillary is married to Bill. And Bill has been good to us. No, he ain't. Bill did us just like he did Monica Lewinsky. He was riding dirty.
The government gives him the drugs, builds bigger prisons, passes a three-strike law, and then wants us to sing "God Bless America." No, no, no. Not "God Bless America." God damn America. That's in the Bible for killing innocent people. God damn America for treating us citizens as less than human.
We bombed Hiroshima. We bombed in Nagasaki. And we nuked far more than the thousands in New York and the Pentagon. And we never batted an eye. We have supported state terrorism against the Palestinians and black South Africans. And now we are indignant because the stuff we have done overseas is now been brought right back into our own front yard.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
In other words, the USA brought 9/11 on itself. Reverend Wright recently retired. And today Barack Obama's office issued this statement:
"Senator Obama... profoundly disagrees with some of the statements and positions of Reverend Wright. Senator Obama deplores divisive statements."
Now there's no question that Reverend Wright is a problem for Senator Obama. How big a problem remains to be seen.
Most Americans love their country and believe it is noble. That kind of extreme rhetoric, the kind that Wright traffics in, is only acceptable to the far left. So Senator Obama will have to deal with this. Just how will be very interesting.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
You may not know this, but Prince Charles and his wife Camilla are big environmentalists. They want a cleaner planet. In that quest, they traveled to the island of Jamaica.
"The Factor" believes cleaning up the earth is a good thing, and people who try to do that are patriots.
On the pinhead front, our pal feminist Naomi Wolf is one of the few people sticking up for Eliot Spitzer, saying: "It's none of our business. Absolutely none of us can know how we'd react in that situation or judge others."
Of course, most Americans tend to disagree with Ms. Wolf. When a governor breaks the law, it is the people's business. Pinhead.

