Once again, radio guy Don Imus has a race controversy on his hand. But this time there's a far different reaction to his comments.
While discussing a football player who has constantly been in trouble with the law, Mr. Imus had an opinion.
(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)
WARNER WOLF: Here's a guy suspended all of 2007, following a shooting at a Vegas nightclub.
DON IMUS: Well, stuff happens. You're in a nightclub for God's sake. What do you think is going to happen in a nightclub? People are drinking, they're doing drugs. There are women there. And people have guns.
WOLF: He's been arrested six times since being drafted by Tennessee in 2005.
IMUS: What color is he?
WOLF: He's African-American.
IMUS: Well, there you go. Now we know.
(END AUDIO CLIP)
Well, almost immediately the Internet began hammering Imus. And today he told his listeners his comments actually defended blacks.
(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)
IMUS: What people should be outraged about is that they arrest blacks for no reason. And I mean, there's no reason to arrest this kid six times. Maybe he did something once. But, I mean, everybody does something once. I have. How insane would I have to be — what would I be thinking, what would I mean? Why would I sit here and say "Oh yeah there you go." I mean, how does anybody — how do you make that connection?"
(END AUDIO CLIP)
Now since none of us can read minds, no one can know for sure what Don Imus meant in his original quip. But I tend to give most broadcasters the benefit of the doubt because I myself have been unfairly smeared by operations like Media Matters, which has been silent on this matter.
Let me repeat that. The smear machine, Media Matters, which led the charge against Imus the first time around, now has nothing to say. How interesting.
Imus is a McCain supporter. So you'd think the far-left loons at Media Matters would want to get him again. But no.
"Talking Points" can't be sure, but is very suspicious. And the only explanation that makes sense, the only one that makes sense, is that any national controversy about race doesn't help Barack Obama.
The senator has been very smart not to engage in race-based politics with the exception of last Friday night, as we reported yesterday. Obama's strongest point is his message that he's looking out for all the folks and he has absolutely no racial agenda. If another big racial controversy erupts in America, even though Obama's not involved, it focuses people on black-white issues.
So I think Media Matters knows that and doesn't want to up the racial ante. Again, little else makes sense.
The Reverend Wright controversy obviously set back Barack Obama. Everybody knows that. And savvy folks also understand the less race stuff the better, as far as Obama is concerned.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Actor James Gandolfini, who achieved stardom as Tony Soprano, is selling off his gangster clothing for charity.
Twenty-four outfits the actor wore on "The Sopranos" will be auctioned off tomorrow at Christie's pop culture auction here in New York City. And Mr. Gandolfini will donate his cut to the Wounded Warriors Foundation, a very worthy charity.
So for doing this, the actor is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, there remain a few issues between basketball stars Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant. And now O'Neal is rapping about them.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SHAQUILLE O'NEAL: You know how I be, last week Kobe couldn't do without me. You know how I be, last week Kobe couldn't do without me. I'm a horse. Kobe ratted me out. That's why I'm getting divorced.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Wow. No question there is a pinhead component in that presentation.

