First of all, Hillary Clinton's outfit Tuesday night, not good. Dark colors, senator, dark colors. But her speech was delivered perfectly. She never stumbled, had great energy and made her points.
And her points were these: that she is a feminist icon, the new Susan B. Anthony, and that her campaign set the tone for the Democratic agenda. And because Barack Obama agrees with her, you should vote for him. Nothing wrong with that, by the way.
"Talking Points" predicted that would happen Tuesday, and I believe Bill Clinton's speech Wednesday night will be about Bill Clinton. Again, nothing wrong with that.
But you have to wonder why the Obama campaign is sacrificing so much time to the Clintons. Couldn't they have both spoken last night? That would have allowed Joe Biden to headline this evening instead of following the former president.
For me, all this political speech stuff induces a headache. Over the past 16 years, I have watched President Clinton and President Bush fail to solve the energy problem, the immigration problem, the airline problem, the health care problem, and on and on. Sixteen years is a long time. And we still have many of the same problems we had back in '92.
Now some might say I'm cynical, but I challenge you to tell me those difficult situations are better today than they were when Bill Clinton was first inaugurated. It is easy for politicians to give speeches. They hire brilliant people to write them. They rehearse for hours. They have teleprompters.
But at this point in American history, I don't believe Barack Obama or John McCain know how to solve the energy problem or the health care problem. And they may not even know how to deal with Pakistan, Iran, and Putin.
So forgive me if I'm not jumping up and down at this convention or any other convention, if I'm not waving signs, crying after some moving rhetoric. This election is going to be close. The first guy to cut through the BS and give Americans some specific, easy to understand solutions will win. I do not know who that will be.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
The pop star Kid Rock seems to be a man who knows his limitations.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KID ROCK, SINGER: Let me tell you what I'm good at. I'm good at writing songs and singing. What I'm not educated in is the field of political science. As soon as someone comes out for a politician, especially in Hollywood, and says, "I'm voting for this guy, I'm voting for this guy," that's who I'm not voting for.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
For bringing a little common sense to the celebrity political arena, Kid Rock is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, the Zeus factor. According to Reuters, the set at Barack Obama's speech Thursday night will feature a Greek temple background.
Wow. Is the Obama campaign on drugs? Don't they know the Republicans will jump all over that?
First it was "the chosen one," and now the Democrats are calling on Greek gods? Good grief. Somebody is a pinhead.

