Last night, Senator Obama hammered Hillary Clinton in Wisconsin. It wasn't even close. Obama won across the board. And there's no question right now that Senator Clinton is in major trouble.
On March 4, she has to win both Texas and Ohio, or Obama gets the nomination. Even Bill Clinton concedes that. That's because Senator Obama has now received about 900,000 more votes than Senator Clinton so far. And no superdelegate or backroom deal can override that.
So Hillary Clinton has 12 days to turn things around. But "Talking Points" doesn't know how she can possibly do it. For example, yesterday Senator Clinton attacked Obama this way.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HILLARY CLINTON: When I think about what we're really comparing in this election, you know, we can't just have speeches. We've got to have solutions. And we need those solutions for America.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, with all due respect, those criticisms are weak. They're not going to turn Mrs. Clinton's campaign around. So put yourself in Hillary's shoes for a moment. At this time last year, Barack Obama was invisible. Now her dream could very well be shattered by the man.
There are two major reasons for this. Since both candidates agree on most issues, Obama is winning the personality game and, of course, the media. There's no question the left-wing press in America is favoring Barack Obama, and Hillary Clinton must be wondering why.
Here's more proof of that. After Michelle Obama's controversial comments that for the first time she's proud of her country, most left-wing media played it down. The Washington Post, for example, didn't even mention it in the paper. The New York Times and L.A. Times buried it deep in the back pages. And today, the press pretty much avoided the issue all together, although Mrs. Obama herself said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MICHELLE OBAMA, BARACK OBAMA'S WIFE: So let me tell you something: I am proud. I'm proud of this country. And I'm proud of the fact that people are ready to roll up their sleeves and do something phenomenal.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Fine, but Michelle Obama should understand that words have meaning. This is an important situation. Why? Because if her husband becomes president, she becomes the most powerful woman in the world. And Americans have a right to know exactly how she feels about her country.
But back to Hillary Clinton. She must be going nuts. Right now there doesn't seem to be any way she can overcome Barack Obama. He's fired up. The press is on board. And she really doesn't have a strategy. Good luck, Hillary.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
"P&P" is getting major attention these days.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JAY LENO, HOST, "THE TONIGHT SHOW": And on Bill O'Reilly's show on FOX, Bill O'Reilly does this segment he calls "Pinhead or Patriot." And today President Bush said, "Well, why can't you be both?"
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, one slight correction: It is "Pinheads and Patriots." And I'll be telling Jay that on Friday night when I appear with him on "The Tonight Show." It's always great to have "Factor" people in that audience. You might want to check it out.
On the patriotic front, rocker Bob Geldof, the Live Aid charity guy, is telling the press that America and President Bush have done great work in Africa with AIDS. You won't hear that on NBC News. But Geldof speaks the truth, and for that is he a patriot.
On the pinhead front, actress Sharon Stone is in Egypt telling the press she feels sorry for the "600,000" Iraqis killed in the current war there.
Well, that's very noble. However, Ms. Stone was not a vocal critic of Saddam Hussein, who actually did murder hundreds of thousands of people.
So in light of that, Sharon Stone may be a pinhead.

