Some Americans are worried that once Barack Obama takes office he will appoint very liberal federal judges to the bench and those people will impose their ideology on you by changing the law.
It is happening right now in California. Voters said no to gay marriage, but some judges are working feverishly to find a legal loophole in order to negate the vote.
That's what the judges did in Massachusetts. They found a loophole in the law and then found that gays should be allowed to get married.
Judicial loopholing is not what a democracy is all about.
The liberal Massachusetts legislature then blocked a vote on the issue. Presto, a law put into effect by the judges, not the folks.
Enter Washington State Governor Christine Gregoire, who is allowing an attack on religion to stand next to the Nativity scene in the state capital building. The placard says there is no God, that religion enslaves people, and makes people unsympathetic.
I think pathetic is the word we're looking for here.
Gregoire is hiding behind a shoddy legal analysis in defending her irresponsible action. She says: "The U.S. Supreme Court has been consistent. Once government admits one religious display or viewpoint onto public property, it may not discriminate against the content of other displays, including the viewpoints of non-believers."
But what the governor does not say is that a legal case in her state agrees upon the following standard: "[Displays must] be consistent with the intent and decorum of the seat of state government and the appropriate, non-disruptive use of public facilities."
The key words here are "decorum and appropriate." Does Washington state believe attacking religion during the Christmas season is appropriate? Is that proper decorum for an exposition inside the capitol building?
Of course not. Governor Gregoire is a moron if she thinks that.
The anti-religion attack sign is a disgrace, and if Gregoire doesn't know that, she is not fit for office. The woman is hiding, will not answer our questions, and has brought shame and embarrassment to her state.
Also, the Washington media seems to be fine with the sign. In fact, I am being branded as some conservative zealot by The Olympian newspaper, among others. And on the national front, NBC News is sticking up for the atheists. What a surprise.
This is what America is coming to, ladies and gentlemen. Cowardly politicians aided by a secular media.
So enough is enough with this nonsense. The good people of Washington state and every other state have a right to demand responsible behavior from their elected officials. Governor Gregoire has no valid defense for allowing the attack on religion. None.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
The young actress Jessica Biel has started a new charity. It's called the Make the Difference Network, and it's designed to help seriously ill kids. You can go to MTDN.com and find out more about it.
Ms. Biel is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, Florida Congresswoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen received a call from President-elect Obama and hung up on him:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN, R-FLA.: He's sounding just like Obama, and I said to him, "You know, you're a better impersonator than that guy who does Obama on 'Saturday Night Live.' Thank you very much."
He goes, "How can I convince you that this is Barack?"
And it sounds just like him. And I said, "Yes, sure, have a great day." Plunk, I hang up.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Pinhead? Could be temporarily. We like the congresswoman.

