While speaking to Reed Tuckson from the UnitedHealth Group, Reverend Jackson had some negative comments about Senator Obama's recent support for faith-based charities operating with government funds. Here is a part of what Jackson said.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REV. JESSE JACKSON: See, Barack's been, um, talking down to black people on this faith-based… I want to cut his (EXPLETIVE DELETED) off. Barack, he's talking down to black people.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, I have no idea why Jackson framed his comments that way. We invited the reverend on the program this evening. He declined.
Unlike what Jackson himself often does, "Talking Points" is not going to speculate about his motivation or describe his comments in any pejorative way. You heard them. You can decide.
Also, it would be unfair to Jackson to pit him against Obama in a larger sense.
Now, some believe there is a rivalry between the two men, but we have seen no evidence of that other than what you just heard.
I will say that Senator Obama's support for faith-based charities doesn't seem to have any condescending quality to it. Faith-based organizations do a tremendous amount of good in America, and we would like to know if Jackson has a beef with them. We would also like Jackson to explain his comments about Obama. But once again, Jackson would not appear this evening.
Late this afternoon he did issue a statement. In part, it says: "For any harm or hurt that this hot mic private conversation may have caused, I apologize. My support for Senator Obama's campaign is wide, deep and unequivocal. I cherish this redemptive and historical moment."
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Twenty-three-year-old Elyse Umemoto is Miss Washington and the second runner-up in the Miss America pageant. But she also posted ridiculous pictures of herself on the Net, causing some people to complain. But Washington state, the pageant, says it's much ado about nothing.
Maybe. Maybe not. But in this case, Miss Umemoto is a pinhead.
On the patriot front, one of the most successful syndicated programs in the country is "Live With Regis and Kelly." And they do a lot of charity work as well.
The latest, Ms. Ripa and others were doing the 100-yard dash in three-inch heels. Please, do not try this at home.
The display was to benefit the March of Dimes, to which the program donated $50,000. For that, Regis and Kelly are patriots.

