Yesterday a memorial service was held for the 12 soldiers and a civilian murdered by Major Nidal Malik Hasan, who remains in the hospital.
Forty-two people were wounded in the attack. Some of them attended the service, but eight are still in intensive care.
President Obama said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: It may be hard to comprehend the twisted logic that led to this tragedy, but this much we do know. No faith justifies these murderous and craven acts. No just and loving God looks upon them with favor. For what he has done, we know that the killer will be met with justice in this world and the next.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well said.
As we reported Monday, the assassin Hasan was known to the Army as a terrorist sympathizer. So now an investigation will take place to find out why the man was not discharged.
Apparently Hasan had e-mailed a recruiter for Al Qaeda in Yemen, perhaps as many as 20 times. The Washington Post reports the FBI did not believe that action warranted an investigation, but apparently the information was passed along to the Army.
For some reason, the media continues to have trouble with the Muslim-terror angle to this story:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CHRIS MATTHEWS, NBC NEWS: Apparently, he tried to contact Al Qaeda. Is that the point at which you say this guy's dangerous? That's not a crime to call up Al Qaeda, is it?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, Chris, hold on a second.
MATTHEWS: Is it? I mean, where do you stop the guy?
BOB SCHIEFFER, CBS NEWS: It's looking more and more like he was just sort of a religious nut, and you know…
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah.
SCHIEFFER: ...Islam doesn't have a majority or the Christian religion has its…
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A corner on that.
SCHIEFFER: ...full, you know, full helping of nuts, too.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I cringe that he's a Muslim. I mean, because it just inflames all the fears. I think he's probably just a nutcase.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It really is tragic that he was a Muslim.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: When a Muslim enlists in the military, I have heard many stories that they've been harassed, that a lot of pressure has been put on them. They're just not made to feel welcome.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Here on "The Factor" we have reported this story straight. Hasan is a Muslim terrorist, period. He killed out of blind hatred. He is a villain and there is no excuse for his rampage.
We do, however, continue to believe that most Muslims are good people, and I understand they must be protected, but not to a ridiculous degree. The evidence was there about Hasan, but political correctness prevented action.
To a large extent, the media drives the PC insanity, and it's appalling.
Muslims are the source of much terrorism on this planet, so when an American Muslim begins sympathizing with jihad, as Hasan did, action must be taken. Let's stop the nonsense. People are dying.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Former beauty contestant Carrie Prejean is still in the news. Apparently she made a sex tape as a teenager and regrets it:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CARRIE PREJEAN, FORMER MISS CALIFORNIA USA: It was the biggest mistake of my life. You know, I was all by myself. I was sending a boyfriend at the time, who I loved and cared about, you know, video of me and...
HANNITY: This is — this is when you were a teenager?
PREJEAN: Yes, I was a teenager at the time. And never did I ever think it would ever come out. But it was bad judgment, you know, and it's embarrassing.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
"The Factor" believes in redemption, and for being honest, Miss Prejean could be a patriot. You make the call.
On the pinhead front, the program "Gossip Girl" got a bit provocative Monday night.
Click here to watch the controversial clip.
Obviously the producers of the program did that for ratings. They might be pinheads.

