Ever since the Democrats won big last November we have been reporting on the issues that matter most to the far-left element of that party, because those people are the ones putting big pressure on President-elect Obama.
So far there are three major issues the far left is crazed about. First, the dismantling of the Bush-Cheney anti-terror policies. Second, the legalization of gay marriage. And third, blanket amnesty for foreign nationals living in the USA illegally, and allowing them citizenship.
The latest salvo on that front was fired by Cardinal Mahoney of Los Angeles, who is an ardent supporter of amnesty. Speaking to the National Immigration Forum, the cardinal said: "Immigrants must be brought out of the shadows so that they can fully contribute to our nation's future economic and social well-being."
Cardinal Mahoney remains crystal clear. He wants the folks who have entered the USA illegally to have the same rights and privileges as American citizens.
Now, it's important to understand the cardinal's point of view. Most illegal aliens are good people. They are poor. They are Catholic. They have come to America to try for better lives. All compassionate people should sympathize with the downtrodden all over the world. We should try when we can to help them.
But the cardinal is naïve and irresponsible when he neglects to uphold the rule of law. The far left well understands that a massive influx of foreign nationals will result in voting patterns being changed, power shifting to the left. That's the end game for the radical left.
Mahoney is coming at this from a humanitarian point of view, but he is being dishonest if he does not acknowledge the political and social implications of anarchy. The United States simply cannot allow every person in the world entry. Our resources are severely strained now. Parts of Los Angeles are simply chaotic, with alien gangs controlling entire neighborhoods. The cardinal needs to take a walk around his hometown.
President Obama must be fair on this issue. Americans have overwhelmingly told Congress that they reject blanket amnesty, want a secure border, and then will consider work permits for illegals. This issue can be worked out, but only if the rule of law is upheld.
Here's the final hypocrisy on this. The far left is screaming that President Bush and Vice President Cheney should be investigated for breaking the law, even though there is no evidence of that. Yet, the same radical left aids and abets lawbreaking everyday on the illegal alien front. This nonsense has got to stop. If Congress doesn't like the immigration laws, revoke them.
"Talking Points" says no to blanket amnesty, and yes to immigration discipline.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
We like the cartoon strip Mallard Fillmore a lot. On Monday, Bruce Tinsley predicted the Secret Service would have a new challenge in 2009: keeping the media from smooching President Obama's rear. A reference to NBC News provided the punch line. Bruce Tinsley is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, there is a downside to serving coffee in a bikini. But some ladies in Tacoma, Washington, do it anyway, getting big publicity.
So what happens? Well, a holdup man robs the Java Girls of $600. The cops know the guy, Patrick Lamp, and are looking for him.
He shouldn't be hard to find. He has the words "Anti-Christ" tattooed on his neck. He should have the word "Pinhead" there as well.

