Last year, the good people of Orlando, Florida, elected Democrat Alan Grayson to serve them in Congress. Since that time, Mr. Grayson has developed a reputation as a nut. N-u-t, nut.
Here's why: The guy is simply out of control. We begin with Grayson calling Linda Robertson, an aide to Ben Bernanke, a whore:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. ALAN GRAYSON, D-FLA.: Here I am the only member of Congress who actually worked as an economist, and this lobbyist, this K Street whore, is trying to teach me about economics.
The Republican health care plan is this: Die quickly. That's right. The Republicans want you to die quickly if you get sick.
What the Republicans have been doing is an insult to America. They've been dragging their feet. These are foot-dragging, knuckle-dragging Neanderthals who think they can dictate policy to America by being stubborn.
I call upon all of us to do our jobs for the sake of America, for the sake of those dying people and their families. I apologize to the dead and their families that we haven't voted sooner to end this Holocaust in America.
Fox News and the Republican collaborators are the enemy of America.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Grayson's spokesman told Politico the whore remark simply reflected the congressman's opinion that Ms. Robertson had sold her soul for financial gain. A lame excuse.
Monday night in Florida, President Obama said this:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: We've got some wonderful other elected officials that I want to acknowledge very briefly. Three outstanding members of Congress from Florida who are here: Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Kendrick Meek, Alan Grayson.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, the president was playing politics, but Grayson is not an outstanding member of Congress; he's an embarrassment.
And this is the problem. The president doesn't seem to understand that radical people are not acceptable to most Americans. Paging Rev. Wright.
Judge Edward Chen, nominated for a lifetime federal judgeship by the president, is a far-left guy who has said some amazing things. Here's a sample.
After hearing the song "America the Beautiful," Chen said:
"Sometimes I cannot help but feel that there are too much (sic) injustice and too many inequalities that prevent far too many Americans from enjoying the beauty extolled in that anthem."
So maybe we should rename the song "America, the Unfair."
By the way, Judge Chen is a former staff attorney for the ACLU, an excellent credit in the age of Obama.
The White House gets furious with Fox News for reporting on far-left guys like Congressman Grayson and Judge Chen. We get it. They don't like it.
But radicalism seems to be acceptable to the president, and that is becoming a major problem.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Most of the time we get slammed in the print media. We're used to it. It's stupid, but that's life. However, Ruben Navarrette, who's been on this program, wrote an insightful syndicated column defending Juan Williams against the terrible racial insults that have been hurled at Juan. So Mr. Navarrette is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, actor Brad Pitt is constantly stalked by photographers — paparazzi. The latest incident in Los Angeles last weekend had Pitt trying to escape the stalkers on his motorcycle.
This kind of stuff has to stop. California does have a new paparazzi law, but I'll tell you what: It's simply out of control and somebody's going to get hurt badly. Stalker paparazzi are pinheads.

