It took only hours, ladies and gentlemen, for the far-left loons to begin politicizing the mass murder in Texas. Rather than blaming the suspect, Major Nidal Malik Hasan, the media seems to believe Hasan's vile crimes were caused by public policy.
The New York Times headline: "Told of War Horror, Gunman Feared Deployment." The article says the attacker didn't want to go to Afghanistan, so he killed 13 people. Does that make any sense to you?
The Washington Post headline: "Fort Hood Has Felt the Strain of Repeated Deployments." Again, the newspaper bringing up American foreign policy in conjunction with Hasan's mass murder.
Perhaps the zaniest thing said was courtesy of Dr. Phil:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP, "LARRY KING LIVE")
DR. PHIL: We're dealing with a very different kind of war here, and we know that there is a tremendous degree of stress with this war. And I think the military will tell you that it's a new animal and nobody knows exactly what to do with it. I think he had maybe seen the problems that some of these soldiers were experiencing when they come back to try to reintegrate into society, and maybe the fear got him and he just snapped.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
The problem with Phil's analysis is the Afghan war is not nearly as intense, casualty-wise, as most other wars. In eight years, 640 Americans have been killed in action there. Maybe Major Hasan is a coward, but that would not explain murdering 13 innocent people.
Newsweek magazine has a very extreme take on the story as well. Writer Andrew Bass says, "What if Thursday's atrocious slaughter at Fort Hood only signals that the worst is yet to come? That the two wars currently being waged are taking a psychological toll on the soldiers is no surprise." Unbelievably stupid and insulting to the military.
Hasan has not served in any war. The guy killed people for absolutely no reason. Somebody tell Newsweek.
We all know the far left has a problem with personal responsibility. It's always somebody else's fault. As Flip Wilson used to say, "The devil made me do it."
You may remember when late-term abortion Dr. George Tiller was assassinated, the media blamed me for reporting on Tiller's gruesome activities. The left-wing media barely mentioned the assassin's name. It was all an attempt to marginalize anyone opposing late-term abortions.
Now the far-left loons are using the murders at Fort Hood to raise questions about Afghanistan and Iraq.
"Talking Points" believes media that use tragedy to ram home political points are despicable. That should never happen. This Hasan should be condemned all day long. That's the story. The guy is either a Muslim terrorist or a crazy person. That's it. Those are the choices. Hasan's computer should tell authorities if this rampage was planned well in advance. If so, he's a terrorist. If not, he's a nut.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
The Muslim Public Affairs Council, MPAC, contacted "The Factor" this morning saying they are outraged about the Fort Hood murders and condemning Major Hasan, a fellow Muslim. We want to acknowledge MPAC's position because it's correct, and they are patriots.
On the pinhead front, Deepak Chopra sent me a picture.
Click here to see the picture!
There's Deepak and somebody else. He also sent me a note: "Dear Bill, I am more patriotic than you are. Love, Deepak."
Well, that may be true, but you're also more of a pinhead.

