First of all, this is a no gloat zone. I've heard some conservatives gloating about the Republican victories in Virginia and New Jersey, but that gets us nowhere.
Tuesday's vote demonstrates that many Americans believe President Obama's policies are not working. Fair-minded Americans want good policy. They want America to prosper, and when that doesn't happen, they vote the party in power out of power. See George W. Bush.
So President Obama should get the message and immediately appoint me, your humble correspondent, his top adviser.
Like me or not, I would bring a common sense perspective to the Oval Office. There would be no gloating there, no nutty ideology, no attacks on Fox News. Instead, I would encourage President Obama to start solving problems.
The Obamacare deal will create more problems than it will solve. That's now obvious, and voters in Virginia and New Jersey knew it. The economy is still very shaky and raising taxes will hurt it big time. Again, voters on Tuesday went for the candidates who offered lower taxes.
In Afghanistan, you've got to give the commanders in the field enough troops to provide security. So do it, Mr. President, or I will throw a tantrum inside the White House.
Now, many Americans could provide President Obama with a dose of common sense, not just me. The government must stop the out of control spending. It must begin to shore up the U.S. dollar. It must stop social engineering that could bankrupt America.
Did you know that in California, which is bankrupt, they will now withhold an extra 10 percent of everybody's paycheck? They are gangsters out there in Sacramento. They just came in and whacked every working person with a 10 percent tax surcharge. Yeah, people might get it back after they file, but come on. That's not responsible government; that's hurting honest working people.
The liberal legislature in California has destroyed the state economically, and now they're stealing money from the folks to cover their horrendous mistakes.
That could happen on the federal level. Already Nancy Pelosi and her far-left crew want to raise the top federal tax rate to 45 percent. That's not capitalism. That's Fidel Castro stuff, confiscating wages that people honestly earn.
So President Obama needs a dose of reality, quick, and I am here for him.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Just one submission this evening. Take a look at these excerpts from the new television program "V" about alien invaders bent on conquering humanity.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They gain trust with the promise of friendship and technology, and, of course, all they're really doing is positioning themselves as the saviors of mankind.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm not obsessed.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Really? Because this looks very obsessive to me. Texts, instant messages.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They call it spreading hope.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We want to provide complete medical services to all.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're talking about universal health care?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I believe that's what you call it, yes.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well it's pretty apparent the script writers are taking some shots at President Obama. Whether that makes them pinheads or patriots depends on your point of view.

