A new study by the Culture and Media Institute, a conservative group, says the following: 85 percent of network evening news stories on Fort Hood did not mention the word "terror." In fact, in 48 reports, ABC, CBS and NBC referenced terrorism just seven times. Only 29 percent of the evening news reports even mentioned Major Hasan was a Muslim. Of those mentions, 50 percent defended Islam. And before the president's speech at Fort Hood, 93 percent of the network evening news stories ignored any discussion about a terror connection. But after the president said that extremist views were involved, all three networks began to report a possible connection to terrorism.
So you can see that apparently the American media is still under the sway of the White House and not accurately portraying things as they really are.
In TIME magazine this week, editor at large Nancy Gibbs leads the coverage with an article entitled: The Fort Hood Killer: Terrified or Terrorist?
With all due respect, I don't care if Hasan was terrified and I know he is a terrorist. The TIME article discusses the pressure of Iraq and Afghanistan, but you can't be blaming American foreign policy for the actions of a terrorist killer like Hasan. It simply doesn't add up.
NPR, a usually liberal outlet, has been a sane voice in evaluating Hasan, who was charged in a military court Thursday with 13 counts of premeditated murder. National Public Radio reports that Hasan's supervisors at the Walter Reed hospital in Washington had reprimanded him for telling a patient, "Islam can save your soul."
Also, The Dallas Morning News is reporting that Hasan may have wired money to Pakistan, but that is still not confirmed.
What is confirmed is that Hasan was involved with Islamic terror elements. But the media still — still — does not want to acknowledge the truth. That's downright dangerous because people are dying all over the world, the victims of terrorism generated by fanatical Muslims.
It is time the American media wised up, got honest and told the folks exactly the danger we all face.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
You may remember that rapper Kanye West embarrassed singer Taylor Swift a few months ago at the MTV awards. Well Wednesday night, the country music world got its revenge:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BRAD PAISLEY, COUNTRY MUSIC SINGER: Who can forget this country classic?
(SINGING) Mamas, don't let your babies grow up to be Kanye.
CARRIE UNDERWOOD, COUNTRY MUSIC SINGER (SINGING): Let 'em pick guitars and drive them old trucks.
BOTH (SINGING): 'Cuz cowboys have manners. They don't interrupt.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
For cleverly defending Ms. Swift, Carrie Underwood and Brad Paisley are patriots.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
On the pinhead front, a young couple was in the middle of their wedding vows when something happened:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Will you love him, comfort him, honor and keep him, in sickness and in health, and forsaking all others, be faithful to him as long as you both shall live?
The rings, please.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God!
Are you OK?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now we don't know whether that was staged or not, but it's getting big play on the internet, and there might be pinheads involved.

