Let's walk through this. Congress is now voting on funding the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. As part of that spending bill, Senators Joseph Lieberman and Lindsey Graham added a provision that would ban the release of so-called torture photos involving U.S. military people who were tried for their crimes.
As you may know, the ACLU, The New York Times and other far-left organizations want those pictures put out to the world.
The Senate approved Lieberman and Graham's provision, with just Republican Tom Coburn, Democrat Russ Feingold and socialist Bernie Sanders opposing the funding bill.
Then the measure went to the House, where it stalled. At first, Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she would support the proposal, but now she may have changed her mind. It's hard to tell with Mrs. Pelosi, as she is all over the place.
Congresspeople Louise Slaughter, Barney Frank, Jerry Nadler and Gerry Connolly among others want the photo ban eliminated, even though both the Defense Department and the CIA say releasing those pictures could be very dangerous to our military men and women. Slaughter, Frank and the rest have some explaining to do.
For his part, Sen. Graham is outraged:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
LINDSEY GRAHAM, R-S.C.: I just cannot imagine the House doing this. What is driving them? Who is running the House? Is the ACLU now in charge of the House of Representatives? What good is it to pass a supplemental giving our troops new weapons if it also in the supplemental you give a weapon to the enemy to use against our own troops?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Of course, the senator is correct. The spending bill should pass with the photo ban attached, and most clear-thinking Americans know it.
There comes a time, ladies and gentlemen, when ideology can cause death. I am so tired of zealots, primarily on the left, putting their insane personal agendas above the safety of fellow Americans.
Do you think the brave soldiers and Marines operating in dangerous areas right this minute want grisly pictures all over Al Jazeera and the terror Web sites? So let's look out for our military, OK?
Nancy Pelosi has an obligation to get the loons in her party under control. If the speaker cannot do that, she does not deserve her position. Wednesday the photo provision was stripped by a House committee. That is on Mrs. Pelosi.
I am writing to Pelosi tonight. You should, too. We've posted her address on BillOReilly.com.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
An incredible conclusion to our auction to help the Wounded Warrior Project. As you know, we put this jacket, given to me by the Reagan Library folks, up for auction, and the winning bid was — ready? — $25,000. Now, I'll match that bid.
Van Merchant, a 70-year-old farmer from Seward, Illinois, has won the jacket, and we applaud his generosity to help this very worthy cause. Mr. Merchant is a true patriot and deserves our admiration, as the Wounded Warrior Project will now receive $50,000. Amazing.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
On the pinhead front, we know there are plenty of strange people in America, some of them in the media — and you know who you are. But 41-year-old Kevin Miller may want to get a little counseling.
Police in Ohio have arrested the man for running around in a women's bathing suit, which doesn't even look good on him. Miller has been charged with menacing and public indecency. He was doing other stuff, as well. He obviously is a pinhead and may be a convict.

