Thursday on the Senate floor, Mr. Lieberman was speaking about the health care bill and politely asked for an extension to wrap up his remarks. The senator didn't even wait for verbal approval since it's almost always given. Almost always, but not Thursday. That's because Franken, who was in a rotation presiding over the Senate, objected to Lieberman continuing his remarks in a stunning display of disrespect. Take a look at the interruption.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. JOE LIEBERMAN, I-CONN.: We'll provide an opportunity for broad savings in health care and health insurance for pretty much everybody in our country.
SEN. AL FRANKEN, D-MINN.: Senator, you have spoken for — I'm sorry, the senator has spoken for 10 minutes.
LIEBERMAN: I wonder if I can ask unanimous consent for just an additional moment.
FRAKEN: Um, in my capacity as senator from Minnesota, I object.
LIEBERMAN: Really? OK. Don't take it personally.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
But many others did take it personally, including John McCain.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. JOHN MCCAIN, R-ARIZ.: I've been around here 20-some years. First time I have ever seen a member denied the — an extra minute or two to finish his remarks. And I must say that I don't know what's happening here in this body, but I think it's wrong.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now, the Franken deal shouldn't surprise anyone. The man's a hater, always has been.
But it illuminates why the far left is despised by most Americans. That kind of behavior is uncalled for. There's no reason on Earth why Sen. Lieberman, an honest man, should not have been given another moment or two to finish his remarks. Franken's actions were mean, petty and disrespectful.
Americans, generally speaking, don't approve of that kind of behavior. But that's what we often get from the far left. Just look at their Web sites. Just look at the savages spewing venom on cable television.
Yes, it's true the right does some of that kind of stuff as well, but not nearly as much as the far left. I see the transcripts, ladies and gentlemen. I know who's saying what.
In the end, Franken's behavior is, of course, self-defeating. It's incredible the man is even sitting in the Senate. And now he's alienated most of the country.
Does the far left really think it's going to get the support of most Americans using tactics like that? Unbelievable.
And that's "The Memo."

