

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Personal story" segment tonight: Pundit Ann Coulter has a column today linking reaction to Dr. George Tiller, the assassinated abortionist in Kansas, to the Fort Hood massacre. Here now, Ms. Coulter, whose book "Guilty: Liberal Victims and Their Assault on America" is out in paperback this week.
OK, so I wanted you on here, plug your book, and the Tiller thing, because I was deeply involved in that. They blame me for Tiller's death.
ANN COULTER, POLITICAL PUNDIT: Right, right.
O'REILLY: Really far-out loons. But what does Tiller have to do with Fort Hood?
Click here to watch the segment!
COULTER: Well, I was just comparing the quotes immediately after Tiller's death. Obama said I am shocked and outraged by the murder of George Tiller. So the victim in that case was George Tiller. When the crazed Muslim shoots up an Army base, he leaps out and says don't jump to any conclusions because he doesn't want us jumping to the obvious conclusion, while liberals go to work manufacturing all the counterintuitive conclusions, which they've been pressing upon Americans for the past…
O'REILLY: All right, but let me stop you.
COULTER: …which is stress, stress, stress. That's all you've been getting…
O'REILLY: OK.
COULTER: ...from American newspapers.
O'REILLY: Let's walk through it, because this — I find this fascinating.
COULTER: You're getting the truth from the British newspapers. That's how we found out about him, you know, contacting Al Qaeda. That's how we found out about…
O'REILLY: The British press is ahead on the story.
COULTER: ...how he was praying with…
O'REILLY: OK, I've got a lot of questions for you. I got a lot of questions for you. Tiller was the victim. He's dead. Somebody shot him dead, and it shouldn't have happened in America. So Obama wasn't wrong there. Tiller was a victim. But the point that he was loathe to condemn Hasan seems to me to be a play that he didn't want Muslim Americans under any pressure.
COULTER: Right, precisely. That's the comparison. In this case, the Muslim is the victim. Why? Because…
O'REILLY: I don't think he made Hasan the victim.
COULTER: (INAUDIBLE).
O'REILLY: He didn't want other American Muslims who are good people to be the targets of hatred.
COULTER: Right, but that's crazy. You didn't have him jumping out and saying, now, don't be mean to the anti-abortion people. Why? Because we have a pantheon of victims. To get ahead in America, you have to be a victim. As is, I mean, this Fort Hood thing is the apotheosis of my book, which is this victimology in America. And it was not until 9/11 that Muslims became the No. 1 pre-eminent victims. That's why the Army did not react when this guy…
O'REILLY: That's a very interesting thing. So you believe…
COULTER: That's the whole theme.
O'REILLY: ...that Muslims, not only American Muslims, but Muslims the world over are perceived by the left as being victims of the jihad.
COULTER: The No. 1 victims. That's why the Army didn't — this guy, Hasan…
O'REILLY: Obviously, he should have been flagged. Obviously.
COULTER: OK, but I just have to raise my favorite warning sign. He's supposed to be speaking at a medical conference at Walter Reed, and his conference is on the Koran. He says that infidels have to be beheaded and have oil poured down their throats.
O'REILLY: Yeah, I mean, look, there's no doubt the Army booted this one.
COULTER: By the way, he's not covered under Obamacare. At Walter Reed, at the medical conference, the doctors are calling this in, and they don't do anything. Why don't they do anything?
O'REILLY: Because he's a Muslim.
COULTER: Because he's a Muslim.
O'REILLY: Right, I got it.
COULTER: Because if you are a victim in America, you have doors open for you, you have privileges.
O'REILLY: You can get away with a lot.
COULTER: You can commit murder, and as apparently Hasan has. And what happens? The media rushes…
O'REILLY: OK, that's — I was going ask you about the media. Did you see the little collage we put together?
COULTER: Yes, in fact, I think I saw most of them in the original.
O'REILLY: OK. What drives that? What drives — look, I have no animus toward Muslims at all. I've been to, you know, a dozen Muslim countries. I've always been treated well, all right? I want American Muslims to have happy life. I don't want anybody to be doing anything to them. However, I'm going to call the guy what he is. He's a terrorist. He's a Muslim terrorist. And he killed people because of jihad. Now all the people you saw, Chief Roberts, you know, all the rest of them…
COULTER: Right.
O'REILLY: ...down, down, they won't do that. Why won't they do that?
COULTER: Because they're victims. We have a caste system in America with different levels of victimhood. You have the feminists, gays, blacks, Jews. But the No. 1 victims, but only starting on 9/11 when they killed 3,000 Americans, became Muslims. And all we hear about is how a bumper sticker was scraped off this guy's car. That's the first story out of Fort Hood.
O'REILLY: No, no, he’s post-traumatic stress disorder.
COULTER: Well, it was pre-traumatic stress disorder…
O'REILLY: Right.
COULTER: …since he hadn't been sent overseas.
O'REILLY: No.
COULTER: The first recorded case of pre-traumatic stress.
O'REILLY: You caught it. You missed that, Coulter. He caught it. He caught it because he was talking to people who had had it.
COULTER: That's what I…
O'REILLY: So it's contagious.
COULTER: OK, I have one even better.
O'REILLY: It's airborne. It's an airborne thing now.
COULTER: OK, on their pre-traumatic stress syndrome, that's what everybody kept saying. I was talking to people coming home.
O'REILLY: Right.
COULTER: I just read in The New York Times yesterday he wasn't counseling them when they came home. He was counseling them before they were sent overseas.
O'REILLY: Right.
COULTER: Even on that crazy theory…
O'REILLY: Whatever it was, he caught it. It's contagious now, post — we're not diminishing the disease. It is real, but this is so…
COULTER: It's not when you haven't been sent anyplace.
O'REILLY: This is so much BS. Right it's…
COULTER: I'm getting pre-traumatic stress syndrome from listening to all the stress...
O'REILLY: All right.
COULTER: So watch out.
O'REILLY: Now it's my theory based on the ratings last night and last week for the coverage, which Fox News is dominating…
COULTER: Right.
O'REILLY: ...that people are fed up with this excuse making…
COULTER: Yes.
O'REILLY: ...for terrorists. They're angry. And I'm not sure how it's going to play out with Barack Obama.
COULTER: I think this is the most — the mainstream media has embarrassed itself. I can't remember when it behaved this way. I mean, it really is stunning. I was calling one of my friends who isn't on a computer and doesn't buy The New York Times, reading them. Every day after the attack, the massacre, it wasn't a tragedy by the way, reading him the headlines of The New York Times about, you know, how difficult it is for Muslims in the military and stress in the military. Nothing about what a lot of us concluded when they heard he was giving medical lectures on beheading infidels and pouring oil down their throats. It has just been stunning. CNN, The L.A. Times, the clips you showed. And meanwhile, all of the relevant facts are coming out from The London Telegraph.
O'REILLY: All right. Ann Coulter, everybody. As always, thank you, Ann.


