The far-left media has succeeded in convincing the world that the USA is a nation of torture, a country that sadistically inflicts pain on both the innocent and guilty.
Well these people at The New York Times and NBC News should be very proud. They have damaged their own country in a disgusting display of propaganda and outright lies.
It began with Abu Ghraib, a story featured more than 50 times on the front page of The New York Times. The abuses at Abu Ghraib were revolting and unacceptable. The soldiers that committed those crimes shamed their country and their uniforms. That's the truth.
But where was the perspective? Ninety-nine percent of the American military has performed brilliantly under tremendous pressure. There has not been a fighting force in world history that has been as restrained under pressure as our military, but does the world understand that?
Yes, mistakes were made at Guantanamo Bay and other places while suspected terrorists were being interrogated. And every one of those mistakes should be examined. But those things happen in every war, by every nation.
Again, the far-left press is treating America like a piñata, whacking it at every opportunity because they don't like Bush and Cheney.
Now there is an insane call for fishing expeditions to find something that will lead to prosecuting the president and vice president. Again, this is poison, a destructive act toward America.
Bush and Cheney protected Americans after 9/11, and they did it fast, so mistakes were inevitable. But they stopped the killing on American soil, did they not?
To his credit, President-elect Obama wants no part of the radical left jihad to tear the country down. He says he is looking forward. That is a smart thing to do.
But "Talking Points" despises those who, in the name of ideology, want to weaken this country, putting us all in danger. As loyal Americans, we owe the benefit of the doubt to leaders in a time of war. And both Bush and Cheney say flat out they did their duty:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GEORGE W. BUSH: We don't torture. You capture Khalid Sheikh Muhammad, he's the guy that ordered the September 11 attacks. And we want to know what he knows in order to protect the United States of America. And I got legal opinions that said whatever we're going to do was legal.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DICK CHENEY: And we were very careful in terms of how we proceeded to make certain that we had the authority that was needed to do what we did. The idea at this stage that you'd go back and try to prosecute somebody for that, I think is not sound.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
It's also un-American.
Finally, Americans want the economy fixed and their families kept safe from terror-killers. That should be Obama's primary focus. Those who continue to run this country down and divert attention from those things should be condemned by the rest of us. Condemned.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Speaking to actress Kate Winslet about her new movie "The Reader," Oprah Winfrey said this:
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OPRAH WINFREY, TALK SHOW HOST: One of the things I loved about the scenes — obviously they're very sexually explicit — but I love the fact that you have real breasts.
KATE WINSLET, ACTRESS: Thank you so much.
WINFREY: I love that you have real breasts. I love that you have real breasts.
WINSLET: Thank you so much.
WINFREY: Because in all the breast scenes, your breasts do what real breasts do.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
For giving the world something to cheer about, Oprah is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, let us introduce comedian Tracy Morgan.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What do you think about Charles Barkley's DUI?
TRACY MORGAN, COMEDIAN/ACTOR: Who?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Charles Barkley had a DUI.
MORGAN: I think everybody gets one of those in America.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, he told the — he told the cops...
MORGAN: The cop that gave him a DUI probably had a DUI.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
I don't have a DUI. Do you? Do you have a DUI? Do you have a DUI? No, nobody here has one. Pinhead? Yes.

