The far left in America is on a rampage emboldened by the Democratic victory. They're attacking on all fronts, demanding gay marriage, a ban on harsh anti-terror tactics, and many other very liberal policies. But most Americans reject the left-wing extremists.
For example, the nutty-left Seattle Post-Intelligencer newspaper has announced it's going out of business unless someone buys the concern over the next few weeks. Not likely to happen.
Now, we've been harshly critical of that paper. Critical mass was reached when its publisher, Roger Oglesby, refused to cooperate with the FBI when agents trying to locate two men deemed acting suspiciously on a ferry.
"Factor" producer Jesse Watters confronted Oglesby over his and the paper's outlandish left-wing zealotry, and now it's clear that even in liberal Seattle, the folks want no part of the operation.
Now I'm telling you all this because other left-wing papers like The Boston Globe, the L.A. Times and The New York Times are all having major economic problems, as regular people want news, not fanaticism.
The huge mistake the far left continues to make is that they believe Americans elected Barack Obama for ideological reasons. That's false. Obama won the contest because the economy collapsed and John McCain seemed clueless about it. Obama himself seems to understand that and is reacting to the far-left agenda crying the Bush administration should be charged with criminal wrongdoing.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS, ABC NEWS: Will you appoint a special prosecutor, ideally Patrick Fitzgerald, to independently investigate the gravest crimes of the Bush administration, including torture and warrantless wiretapping?
BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT-ELECT: We're still evaluating how we're going to approach the whole issue of interrogations, detentions and so forth. And obviously we're going to be looking at past practices, and I don't believe that anybody is above the law.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
OK. But Mr. Obama is smart not to fall into the left-wing trap, because most Americans reject that kind of madness. It will be interesting to see if President Obama fully understands that.
Right now he's moving away from the Bush anti-terror policies that have kept the nation safe at home, and that's a big gamble, as "Talking Points" has stated. To keep America safe and return us to prosperity, President Obama must walk away from zealotry, even if it comes from his own supporters. He will fail in office if he does not.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
CNN's Wolf Blitzer is a wild and crazy kind of guy. What, you don't believe me?
Click here to see Wolf Blitzer dancing on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show"!
For being a good sport, Mr. Blitzer is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, radical left-wing actress Janeane Garofalo never met a conservative cause she didn't hate. So isn't it interesting she's playing a FBI agent on "24"?
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The White House is all over this. Homeland is leaning on us. We've got to find this guy now.
JANEANE GAROFALO, ACTRESS: Jordan's team is almost done with their first sweep of the building, but he said it's his gut feeling that the sniper is not in there.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, when asked about her right-wing role by USA Today, Ms. Garofalo said, "I was initially very reticent to do it, and then I thought, 'I'm unemployed'."
Well, at least she's an honest pinhead.

