It is all over for ACORN, as liberal politicians are running away from the activist group as fast as they can.
On Wednesday, Speaker Pelosi said she did not understand what all the fuss was about. Well, apparently she found out:
Click here to watch Bill's "Talking Points."
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
NANCY PELOSI, SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE: Any group that receives any funds from the federal government needs to have tough scrutiny applied to it. A few individuals at ACORN did what I think is — what would be the appropriate word, some have said despicable. But in any event, totally unacceptable and in my view, inexcusable.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Over at the White House, spokesman Robert Gibbs also address the ACORN scandal:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ROBERT GIBBS, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Obviously, the conduct that you see on those tapes is completely unacceptable. I think everyone would agree with that. The administration takes accountability extremely seriously.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
As the White House should. But here's the interesting thing. The ACORN leadership remains unrepentant:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BERTHA LEWIS, ACORN CEO: We are not going to take this lying down. We believe that — in fact, we know, that this was a form of entrapment. And, yes, we're going to go after this videographer and FOX.
FOX, because they run with things without checking and using any journalistic standards, they got kind of caught up and got duped themselves. For FOX and the right wing to have to stoop to a made-up scenario is one thing, but, as you know, and as I have said over and over again, those people were reprehensible.
I think they're, you know, basically saying, these people shouldn't be trusted. How could they be trusted? You know, they're all poor, black and brown people.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
You may remember that Bertha Lewis came on "The Factor" last May and we had a respectful discussion. She declined our invitations this week because she knows it is all over and the FOX News Channel drove the story. Simply put, she's angry. But she should be angry at herself, not us.
When any group gets millions of taxpayer dollars, there is an obligation to hire honest folks and represent all the American people. ACORN did neither, and so it is toast, burnt, finished, kaput.
Will you miss them?
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Actress Angelina Jolie continues her good work, bringing attention to the world's poorest people. Ms. Jolie was recently on the Kenyan-Somali border, a dangerous place, trying to raise awareness of problems at a massive refugee camp. She is a patriot, but she's also looking

alarmingly thin. We hope nothing bad is happening.
On the pinhead front, you make the call. Jennifer Aniston serenades Ellen:
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JENNIFER ANISTON, ACTRESS (SINGING): I've got a crush on you, sweetie pie. All the days and nighttimes, hear me sigh. The world may pardon my mush, but I've got a crush, my baby, on you.
(SPEAKING) I'm absolutely mortified that you actually did that to me. Seriously. I did just Bobby Brown again. But the good news is the music is sort of in that vein.
ELLEN DEGENERES, TALK SHOW HOST: I would put you through to the next round.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
That's a reference to "American Idol," where Ellen will be working in the evenings.

