


BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Weekdays With Bernie" segment tonight: Earlier in the broadcast we showed you Bob Schieffer grilling White House adviser David Axelrod and "Saturday Night Live" lampooning Gloria Allred. Of course, both Ms. Allred and Mr. Axelrod are liberal people being scrutinized by other liberal people. So what the heck is going on?
Joining us from North Carolina, the purveyor of BernardGoldberg.com, Mr. Goldberg. Let's start with Bob Schieffer, because we did give him a hard time when he went on vacation...

BERNIE GOLDBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Right.
O'REILLY: ...and didn't know about the Black Panthers when he interviewed Holder, and you and I went over it. But now I thought that he grilled Mr. Axelrod pretty tough.
GOLDBERG: Yes, absolutely. It was a good interview. But if the question ultimately is: "Are the media turning on Barack Obama?" that may be another -- that may be another question.
I think -- let's put it this way, Bill. I think the slobbering has pretty much ended, at least for the time being. You know, and the slobbering has ended, basically, because the magic is gone.
You probably don't remember this, but on Christmas morning, about a month after Barack Obama was elected president, page one of The Washington Post did a story about Obama's exercise regimen. And they actually talked about how he had -- the sun glistened off of his pectorals and he had a well-toned body because he played basketball. That kind of embarrassing garbage isn't going to happen anymore because, as I say, the magic is gone, and he's not as popular as he once was.
And the point is -- the point is, Bill, that -- with the magic gone, a consensus has developed. And the consensus is pretty much this: that he may be a nice guy, he may be eloquent, he may have a million-dollar smile, but nobody cares about that stuff anymore. They only care about the economy and jobs and the mountain of debt that's been developed. And the mainstream media would basically look foolish if it defended policies that the American people have overwhelmingly rejected.
O'REILLY: OK, but here is the thing that struck me about the Schieffer interview. And this is, you know, most people didn't see it. It's a Sunday morning show, and it's an audience of about two and a half million people. Usually, when a liberal interviews another liberal at that level, at the network level, they'll ask them one or two hard questions, just to go on the record to say, "Look, I'm not in the tank." Whatever answer is given, they accept it.
GOLDBERG: That's the answer, yes.
O'REILLY: Not here. Schieffer went back and said, "You know, if that's all you got, that's pretty weak."
GOLDBERG: Because, Bill, it's safer. It's -- it's not just easier. It's safer now to go after Barack Obama.
O'REILLY: That's true, but why would a guy like Bob Schieffer and CBS News, which I'll submit to you has a vested interest in not seeing Republicans come into office, all right. Even though the president is on the skids and the country is angry, I think the big media companies favor the Democrats and President Obama and like to see him succeed. So why -- why would they go after him?
GOLDBERG: Because -- because they would look foolish, given that, as I say, the magic is gone, and his poll numbers are down.
O'REILLY: But they're taking it a step further than I thought they would.
GOLDBERG: No. Bill, Bill, they've already lost a lot of their audience. And let's think of audience as customers. If the American people have turned on Barack Obama's policies, and they have. If the polls are right, they certainly have. Does it make sense for the mainstream media to continue to support a candidate who their customers have already rejected?
O'REILLY: Yes, but let me throw this out to you. NBC News continues to actively support the president and their "Nightly News" and the "Today" show are still doing well. I see what your point is. It's not good for business to be on a losing team, but NBC News continues to be very active in supporting the president. Yet, there are two franchises in the morning and evening news. They're down, but they are not down big.
GOLDBERG: Right. Look, and that's a very good point. But what I'm saying is that the slobbering has ended. Whether or not they have turned against him don't -- don't take the Schieffer interview and project that this is the beginning of some mass movement for the media to become, you know, as mainstream as they claim they are. I mean, let's see what happens. And I'll make a prediction on this. This I have no doubts about. When it's time for Barack Obama to run against the flesh and blood Republican conservatives…
O'REILLY: No doubt about it.
GOLDBERG: …the slobbering will pick up where it left off.
O'REILLY: OK. "Saturday Night Live," you don't care about that, right? It's an easy target, Allred. They take it and, you know, that's all there is to it. Nothing more to it?
GOLDBERG: I've known Gloria Allred since the 1970s when I was based in California. You know, Will Rogers never met a man he didn't like. Gloria Allred never met a microphone she didn't like. And that -- that liberals in the comedy media, if I can put it that way, have turned on another liberal, Gloria Allred, tells me absolutely nothing. To not go after Gloria Allred after what she did to that illegal immigrant, that would -- they'd be remiss. You could make fun of "Saturday Night Live" if they didn't go after her.
O'REILLY: All right. Now, I've got 90 seconds. BP, President Obama, the report came out said the Obama administration didn't handle it well. I guess it got a little exposure but not much.
GOLDBERG: Well, it got some hard news coverage. But here's -- here's, for me anyway, here is the more interesting point. After Katrina, The New York Times, you know, the -- where everybody else takes their cues from. The New York Times ran a scathing editorial against all the incompetence in the Bush administration. After the BP report came out, which criticized the Obama administration, no editorial at all. So there was hard news coverage on it, because you can't avoid that. But when it came to the opinion journalism -- and, by the way, this goes back to my first point, they had every opportunity to talk about the incompetence of the Obama administration, and they chose to ignore it altogether. So I don't see the media making some big turn against Barack Obama. I think, again, they're not -- they're not embarrassing themselves the way they did when he was running, but that doesn't mean they've turned against him.
O'REILLY: All right. Bernie Goldberg, everybody. Check out BernardGoldberg.com. We appreciate it, Bernie.


