

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Miller Time" segment tonight: As you may know, our pal Dennis has a radio program on Westwood One, and today he interviewed George W. Bush.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DENNIS MILLER, RADIO HOST: As I watched you do your press pass, I love the fact that you defused some potential rancor by just being a good cat. I mean, I admire you for that.

FORMER PRESIDENT GEORGE W. BUSH: Well, I appreciate that. As you know, humor is a -- is important in life. And if you can't laugh, you know, if you take yourself so seriously, then there's something, you know, there's a defect, I guess.
MILLER: Yes.

BUSH: I love humor. That's why you and I are friends.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

O'REILLY: Aww. Joining us now from Los Angeles, the sage of Southern California, Mr. Miller. So Stewart calls President Obama "dude," and you call President Bush "a good cat." So I'm wondering what I should call him?

MILLER: Listen, I don't know. He's not prez right now. I admire Bush. I told him because of – he's a strict adherent to the Sicilian concept of omerta, as far as these new presidents go. You know, Carter is out there every day yapping it. I saw him on QVC today selling alabaster figurines of a peanut with a cowlick. I mean, the guy never shuts up. We just have to hood him like a falcon so we can get some sleep. Bush shuts up about the new president. I admire that about him. I think he's an honorable man.
O'REILLY: OK. I wrote my newspaper column on Carter and the difference between him and President Bush. It's available on BillOReilly.com if you haven't seen it.
When you interviewed President Bush, you're primarily an entertainer on the radio. But, you know, here is a former president. What did you -- this is going to be on tomorrow, on tomorrow's program, right?

MILLER: Yes.
O'REILLY: We're getting a preview of it tonight. What did you want to learn from him? Did you go in with a game plan?

MILLER: Yes. I asked him about Turkey. I thought Turkey is a real, you know, that really threw us a curve, them not letting us come in from the north. So we talked about that a little.
And, you know, I'm watching this BBC series -- I don't know, it's called Thames Television. It's from 1973 right now, Bill. It's -- it's called "The World at War." And as I watched that preening little thug Hitler prancing around the birdish garden with his hands behind his back acting avuncular, I just wanted to thank President Bush today for croaking that pig in Iraq and his two pig sons before it got to the Kristallnacht point. You know what I mean?
And we learned something from history. They can call Bush dumb all they want. All I know is he looks at history, and he gets it, and I admire that. I'm not into advanced degrees in poli sci and all of that. I like a guy who does know his history books, and I admire that Bush knows his history books.
So we talked about those two on the serious side, on the -- you know, and then we joked a little. We've had some laughs over the years. I told him, I said, "Mr. President, I don't know if you heard this yet, but Obama is so conciliatory now he replaced Biden today with Cheney. And they went hunting for birds together." And I heard that great Bush laugh that I used to get off him once in a while, that "heh, heh, heh, heh, heh." So we talked a little politics. We talked a little friendship.

O'REILLY: All right. President Obama, as you know, with the compromise deal, do you think he is moving to the right?
MILLER: Well, put it this way. The same reason I gave Bush kudos for making hard decisions, I'm not going to wade in on this guy at this moment and say he's weak. He made a pragmatic decision.
The fact is, over the last two years, Pelosi, Reid, he, et al, all the Dems have built -- you know the game Jenga? They built a Jenga tower out of BS. And when that 9.8 point -- 9.8 percent unemployment came in last week, that was the last piece that tipped the Jenga tower. He had to do something at that point.
There's something said for standing for something bigger than you are. And then there's something to be said being marked by history as the cat who crashed the country fiscally before the terrorists that he wasn't paying attention could be let in to crash it. He just got to a point last week -- listen, liberalism is best viewed peripherally. When it's out here, when they're out of power, you can talk about being touchy-feely. Everybody goes, "Fine, that sounds good."
Now, when you center it, when you put it right in the viewfinder and see how crazy some of these concepts are, like Barack Obama has in the last two years, there comes a point where everybody says, "No, that's not going to work. You've got to get on the page." And I give him credit for at least saying, "OK, I'll bend a little. It's not working. I'll try something else."
O'REILLY: All right. But you're saying he did it because he's awakened. I'm not so sure about that. I gave him credit for doing it as well. I think it's the right thing for the country. But I think he might be doing it for himself because he knows he can't get it done, and if he couldn't get it done and taxes go up on everybody, who's going to get blamed? He is.
MILLER: Listen, he was like a cabdriver coming up 6th. He was on the Fox side of it, and all a sudden he saw a fair in front of that cupcake place over to the right, because he knew he had to ditch the left, because the moderates are going to get him in next time. He might have got re-elected this week. But I think he swung the Senate over to the Republicans, too. And you know what? It might auger well for his presidency.
Look at Clinton, he was a minor player until our friend Dick Morris came in and they started triangulating. Now he's viewed as, you know, a knight in shining armor. So maybe this will help Barack in the long run.

O'REILLY: Yes, OK. That's fair. Arnold Schwarzenegger, your buddy, declares a state of emergency because California doesn't have any money at all. They are broke. And I understand he asked you for a loan, Miller. Are you going to help him out?
MILLER: Listen, Arnold is a good man. But Bill, you know as well as I did when he tried to pass those three or four common sense propositions and got his head handed to him, he bugged it up a little. He rolled up in a bit of a ball. But, you know, when you're getting stomped, who am I to tell you not to roll up into a ball? He started playing the green card. I think they broke him a little. And California is in trouble. People are going to always come here because it looks like Sharon Stone. But at the end of the day...
O'REILLY: It looks like Sharon Stone.
MILLER: ...Sharon Stone in "Basic Instinct" was -- she was going to put an ice pick into the back of your neck. And that's what's happening in California. They might as well take the bear on that state flag and blow its head off and put the handgun in its own paw, because we're doing it to ourself.
Now, my only silver lining here, maybe Jerry Brown can save it, because you know something? He's fluent in loser. He speaks loser like, you know, Richard Burton spoke "Children's Christmas in Wales" (ph). And maybe he can talk to these people and say, "Listen, we've got to resuscitate the succubus because if you suck the udder dry, there's going to be nothing to feed off in the future."
O'REILLY: There isn't now. You know, you guys owe $150 million -- billion.
MILLER: Yes. Well, don't give it to us.
O'REILLY: A hundred and fifty-nine billion California owes. So Arnold has declared a state of emergency. I hope you don't have to evacuate, Miller. But if you do, come on over here.
MILLER: Set me up. Set me up a hammock in your rec room. I'm coming in for a sleepover.
O'REILLY: We've got a place for you. We've got a place for you.
MILLER: All right.
O'REILLY: And Sharon Stone, too.


