
By Bill O'Reilly
Hundreds of thousands of people attended the "Restoring Honor" rally in Washington on Saturday, where Glenn Beck, Sarah Palin and others appealed for a return to Judeo-Christian values:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GLENN BECK, FOX NEWS HOST: We must be better than what we've allowed ourselves to become. We must get the poison of hatred out of us. No matter what anyone may say or do, no matter what anyone smears or lies or throws our way, or to any American's way, we must look to God and look to love.
SARAH PALIN, FORMER GOVERNOR OF ALASKA: We will always come through. We will never give up, and we shall endure because we live by that moral strength that we call grace. Because though we've often skirted a precipice, a providential hand has always guided us to a better future.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
As Beck advertised, the rally was mostly non-political and entirely peaceful. The vast crowd was respectful and honored itself by demonstrating love of country.
Again, this was a huge victory for Glenn Beck and Americans who believe that his message of honor and dignity is worthwhile.
But the forces opposed to Beck viciously attacked him. New York Times columnists Bob Herbert and Charles Blow implied Beck is a racist, shaming themselves in the process.
It is fine to disagree with Glenn Beck, but to attack him personally is disgraceful, and anyone who does that should be branded a hater. Are you hearing me Howard Dean?
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HOWARD DEAN, FORMER DNC CHAIRMAN: I think Glenn Beck has got a few things the matter with him up here and up in the head there. So I just don't know what to make of it. What I see is these folks are kind of -- and I don't mean this in a mean kind of way -- but they're a little like lost souls in the sense that they really do -- they're at sea. The country's changed a lot. They don't -- they're in the middle of a horrible economic downturn, which has probably affected a lot of them personally. So they follow this guy, who is like Father Coughlin from the 1930s. He's a racist. He's a hatemonger.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
That kind of stuff is simply unacceptable, and Dean should be ashamed of himself. Of course he isn't.
All fair-minded Americans should respect people with whom they disagree if the person is honest and sincere in the debate. Glenn Beck is certainly that.
But we live in a time where boundaries have been obliterated because the liberal media has lost control of the journalistic process, and now they are lashing out against those who have been overwhelming them, like talk radio, like the Fox News Channel.
Could one liberal in this country have generated hundreds of thousands of people to Washington? The answer is no.
The truth is that Glenn Beck urged Americans to come to a rally that encouraged spirituality and honesty, and was attacked for doing it.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots

