

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Weekdays with Bernie" segment tonight, two hot topics. Earlier, we showed you CBS correspondent Bob Schieffer misstating the Arizona illegal alien law. What does Bernie think about that?
But first, you may remember a few weeks ago I said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: I know how much Hillary Clinton wants to be president. She wants to be president more than you want your book to sell five million copies, and that's a lot.
DICK MORRIS, FORMER ADVISER TO PRESIDENT CLINTON: That's correct.
O'REILLY: That's a lot. She really wants to be president.
MORRIS: That's right.
O'REILLY: And I don't think she's got the patience to wait.
MORRIS: Well, the patience. She'll be 70 years old then.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, now Bernie Goldberg is on the same track, writing a column this week on his website BernardGoldberg.com, and he joins us from North Carolina.
So, both you and I believe that there is a distinct possibility that Secretary of State Clinton will resign her post and then challenge in the primary in 2012, correct?
Click here to watch the segment!
BERNIE GOLDBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Right. What I said on the website is I'm going out on a limb. I think she will challenge in 2012, but I understand that this is a long shot. All I'm saying is that it is no longer a crazy idea.
Here's why. Independents one year ago, just one year ago, supported Barack Obama with 56 percent of their -- of their vote. Today, it's down to 38 percent. African-American voters will not forsake Barack Obama. We know that. White liberals normally would never abandon the first black president, not if it means voting for some vanilla liberal Democrat white guy. But, if they get a chance to vote for Hillary Clinton, they can make history twice. The first time they elected the first black president. The second time, it will be the first woman president. And this will go a long way in easing their white, liberal guilt, which normally knows no bounds.
Now, if things change -- if the economy takes off, if unemployment drops, if the tooth fairy leaves, you know, a couple of trillion dollars under Barack Obama's pillow, fine. But if miracles don't happen, all I'm saying is keep an eye on Hillary.
O'REILLY: Yes. And I said the same thing to Morris, that that is absolutely in play. The problem is it's twofold. No. 1, money. That Hillary Clinton would have to raise money, go out and consciously raise it, and then Barack Obama would know well ahead of any primary season what was coming down.
GOLDBERG: Sure.
O'REILLY: It would be a ferocious, ferocious war within the Democratic Party. And Hillary Clinton would be a pariah forever if she didn't win. Gone.
GOLDBERG: If she didn't win.
O'REILLY: Gone.
GOLDBERG: If she didn't win.
O'REILLY: If she didn't win. And the odds of her winning the nomination would be slim, because the Democratic machine is not going to throw Barack Obama overboard. The unions are not going to throw him overboard, and the far left is not going to throw him overboard. So did Hillary Clinton take an enormous, enormous risk to Hillary Clinton?
GOLDBERG: So why do you think it might happen, given all of that?
O'REILLY: Because I think that -- you heard Erskine Bowles on top the program.
GOLDBERG: Exactly. Exactly.
O'REILLY: OK. I think Armageddon -- Armageddon -- may be about to occur within the Democratic Party.
GOLDBERG: Exactly.
O'REILLY: They're going to get their butt kicked in November, OK? And if this continues, then it's -- Barack Obama is going to be down in the low 30s, where George Bush was when he left office, in the polls.
GOLDBERG: And then -- and then anything is possible.
O'REILLY: Right. You're going to see Hillary Clinton and a bunch of other people come in. It's not just her.
OK. You heard my discussion with Brit Hume at the top of the program about Bob Schieffer, who you know probably better than -- than Brit. And you should call up Schieffer, OK?
GOLDBERG: Yes, right.
O'REILLY: Because only one of two things could have -- actually three things could have happened. No. 1, Schieffer booted the question. He just booted it. Didn't ask it properly. No. 2, he doesn't know what the hell the Arizona law says. Or No. 3, he did it on purpose to give Eric Holder a soft time of it. One of the three.
GOLDBERG: Right.
O'REILLY: And you're going to pick which curtain?
GOLDBERG: Well, because I'm not a mind-reader, I don't know which it is, but I will say this. That if it at this late date, if the host and anchor of "Face the Nation" doesn't know what the law says, that's a problem. So I'm guessing that Bob Schieffer, who reads a lot, probably knows what the law said. Maybe he -- maybe he just booted the question and didn't mean it that way. That's possible. I'll give him the benefit of the doubt. But that's a big mistake. But I think that...
O'REILLY: Big?
GOLDBERG: Yes. I think there's another issue here, Bill. And I think this is a piece of a larger, a much larger, much more important issue. I don't think liberals in the media are really that much different from liberals outside the media. They all need to show their racial manners, and they all need to -- to run from any subject where -- where race is involved and an African-American may look bad. Because in that entire interview -- an African-American Democrat, that is, may look bad. In that entire interview did you notice, Bill, he didn't bring out the black -- New Black Panther thing at all.
O'REILLY: That's because CBS has never reported on it. So he'd have to start from scratch. Their audience doesn't know anything about it.
GOLDBERG: Exactly. And here are two other stories that the mainstream media ignored. Van Jones, the presidential adviser on green jobs who wanted an investigation to see if George Bush was behind 9/11. The New York Times and the mainstream media ignored that story. ACORN with the fake pimp and ho and the videotape. And it looked like, it seemed that the ACORN employees were helping them break the law.
And now you have Bob Schieffer having the attorney general on the show and not asking a single question about why didn't you prosecute these guys?
All three stories have two things in common. One, they're about race. And, two, the media always says they're not important stories. They're trivial. That's why we don't cover them. But I'm telling you the folks out there, don't think they are trivial and unimportant. And it's making the media trivial and unimportant.
O'REILLY: Bob Schieffer -- should Bob Schieffer apologize or explain on "Face the Nation" next Sunday? Because look, you've got -- you've got Holder in the hot seat, and he's not easy to get. We could never get him here. Not easy to get this guy, all right? You say that Bob Schieffer is a liberal guy, right? You're saying that flat-out, he's a liberal guy?
GOLDBERG: Yes. Yes.
O'REILLY: OK. So Schieffer is a liberal guy. He's sympathetic to the Obama administration. He's got the attorney general on. The attorney general has just sued -- brought a lawsuit against the state. An entire state. In one of the most controversial actions in recent memory. OK? And then instead of putting Holder right through his paces, saying, "Hey, there's nothing in this law that makes anybody singled out because of their color. All it is, is basically if you're involved in a police matter, they have a right to ask you what nationality you are. Doesn't that make sense?" He misstates the law. That seems to be huge.
GOLDBERG: Right. Well, that and he didn't ask him anything about the story that interests so many -- so many American people about a member of his Justice Department, a lawyer quit his job.
O'REILLY: Right.
GOLDBERG: And fired off an allegation that the Justice Department isn't interested in going after black civil rights violators. Now I don't know if that's true. But wouldn't you ask -- wouldn't you think of asking one question? Just one on that subject?
O'REILLY: But Bernie, Bob -- Bob Schieffer doesn't know about that story because it hasn't...
GOLDBERG: Because it hasn't been on CBS.
O'REILLY: Hasn't been on -- he doesn't know. Apparently, he doesn't read The Wall Street Journal and he doesn't watch "The Factor," because he didn't know about the Arizona law.
GOLDBERG: Now, just think about this.
O'REILLY: Real quick, real quick.
GOLDBERG: All the people who only get their news from The New York Times or CBS News, they don't know about any of this stuff.
O'REILLY: No doubt. OK. That's why we're in business, Bernie, and we're doing pretty damn well. Bernie Goldberg, everybody.


