Congressman Kennedy from Rhode Island, the son of the late Edward Kennedy, does not like the news coverage of Afghanistan. In fact, he's hysterical over it:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. PATRICK KENNEDY, D-R.I.: There's one, two press people in this gallery. We're talking about Eric Massa 24/7 on the TV. We're talking about war and peace. $3 billion. 1,000 lives. And no press? No press?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
The congressman is right about Eric Massa. We'll get to that in a moment.
But he's wrong about press coverage on Afghanistan. It's been extensive. The American people know what's going on.
Apparently Mr. Kennedy, who will not debate the issue with me, has some problems with the way the war is being waged. What those problems are remain a mystery.
Is Kennedy fine with allowing the Taliban to create chaos in Afghanistan, because that's what would happen if the USA pulls out?
So I ask you, Congressman, do you not understand that Al Qaeda would move back into Afghanistan and re-establish their worldwide terror network with Taliban support? Do you not get that? What exactly is bothering you?
As a member of the press, I'd like to know. And if you are so passionate about the issue, Congressman, you should be right here, right now, discussing it in front of millions of people worldwide. But you're not, so spare me the histrionics.
As far as Congressman Massa is concerned, the story is over. He's out, and this is just another example of a public servant being irresponsible.
Stuff like this has been going on since Aaron Burr and will continue because politicians are human beings, and human beings do foolish things.
The press obsession with Eric Massa is simply voyeurism. The "Tickle Me Elmo" guy is so appalling, it's a train wreck. That's why it's getting so much coverage.
"The Factor" has tamped down the Massa stuff, although we did let Dennis Miller loose on him on Wednesday.
Again, it's not an important story, but Afghanistan is important.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Cheryl Diorrio from Chesapeake City, Maryland, is the winning bidder on the Wounded Warrior Project auction we are holding this week. She gets a unique "Bold Fresh" tour poster signed by me and Glenn Beck.
I will match Ms. Diorrio's generosity. She bid $6,750, and she is a patriot.
We have two of these posters left, so we hope you bid tonight.
Also, Willard Scott is in the patriot zone. Congratulations on 60 years – 60 — at NBC.
On the pinhead front, Los Angeles Angels outfielder Torii Hunter has offended some people by saying that Latin ball players are not the same as African-Americans.
Memo to Mr. Hunter: Nobody cares about this racial stuff. Hunter is a pinhead.

