There is no question that American voters are having trouble with President Obama.
The latest Rasmussen poll says that 53 percent of registered voters disapprove of the president's job performance. Just 45 percent like what he's doing.
If you strip away all the BS, the president is having trouble because millions of Americans believe he is over-reaching. That is, he is trying to make the federal government too powerful and that could intrude on personal liberty.
Here in the USA, our tradition is that personal liberty trumps all. Therefore, if the voters believe a president is trying to call all the shots from Washington, that president will pay a price. That's why the Tea Party has risen. That's what the health care controversy was all about.
But here's an interesting fact. While Mr. Obama will use federal power to promote social justice, he will not use it to secure the Southern border. That seems to be inconsistent.
If the president believes the feds should be the primary problem solvers, why would he not use federal power to stop the influx of narcotics and illegal aliens? The only answer is ideology. And independent voters don't like ideological politicians. That's why Mr. Obama is having poll trouble.
So there you have it. "Talking Points" believes most Americans do not want their personal liberties intruded upon, and their votes will reflect that.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Will Smith and Jada Pinkett have been married for 13 years. Apparently it's a great relationship:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OPRAH WINFREY, TALK SHOW HOST: I want to know what you do to keep this flame burning.
JADA PINKETT SMITH, ACTRESS: How saucy do you want to get, Oprah?
WILL SMITH, ACTOR: Hey, hey! We got kids in the green room.
J. SMITH: How saucy do you want to get?
W. SMITH: We got kids in the green room.
J. SMITH: I always surprise him. I always surprise him. Now I don't know if you want to...
W. SMITH: Hey, hey.
J. SMITH: ...get in on how I surprise him.
WINFREY: I wouldn't mind hearing one or two.
J. SMITH: OK. Well, like even during the day, I might send — I might send a sexy picture of some sort.
W. SMITH: Hey, Mom!
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Nice to see a married couple having that kind of rapport. They are patriots.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
On the pinhead front, Ted Turner on the oil spill:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
TED TURNER, MEDIA MOGUL: I'm not a real religious person, but I'm somewhat religious. And I'm just wondering if God is telling us he doesn't want us to drill offshore, because it sure is setting back offshore drilling.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Is Mr. Turner a prophet or a pinhead? You make the call.

