

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Personal Story" segment tonight: As you may know, Christine O'Donnell lost her race for the Senate in Delaware, but at the same time became very famous in doing so, and she joins us here in New York City. You know, you should have come in about three weeks ago. You know that, right?
CHRISTINE O'DONNELL, FORMER DELAWARE SENATE CANDIDATE: Well, we couldn't leave Delaware.
O'REILLY: We have satellites that we would have sent  to you and you could have been right there in Rehoboth Beach. I love Rehoboth.
O'DONNELL: But, we tried. We did try to do that.
O'REILLY: Yes, but you should have done it.
O'DONNELL: We tried a couple of times to get satellites.
O'REILLY: That is all in the past. Now, if you had to do one thing over again, differently, what would it be?
O'DONNELL: I don't think there is any one thing that I can point to that we did or did not do.
O'REILLY: The commercial with the witch reference, you would have done that again?

O'DONNELL: Well, I think it was the combination. I think the fact that we could not unite the Republican Party leadership in Delaware and on the national level. People like Chairman Steele was very helpful. Senator Lamar Alexander publicly showed his support. He campaigned for me. But the fact that the Delaware Republican leadership never came out to support me…
O'REILLY: That hurt you, no doubt.

O'DONNELL: It definitely hurt me.
O'REILLY: But, you know…
O'DONNELL: If there was something I could do to make that happen.

O'REILLY: You had a chance though because yes, the Republican establishment didn't like you, but you know why they didn't like you? Is there a reason they didn't like you?
O'DONNELL: Well, for the longest time in Delaware, for decades the person on the ballot is the one who has been anointed.
O'REILLY: So you think because you beat Castle they resented that?
O'DONNELL: Well, when I threw my hat in the ring to primary Castle, one of the things that they would say about me on talk radio is it's not her turn, we didn't pick her.
O'REILLY: All right, so you got caught in the bureaucracy. But, you know, the advantage that you did have is you became very famous very fast when Governor Palin endorsed you and you're a good-looking woman. You are photogenic and everybody is talking about you, Bill Maher is trying to, you know, dig up clips from 1812.
(LAUGHTER)
O'DONNELL: Starting rumors.
O'REILLY: Yes, all of that. So you had an advantage in a sense that people were paying attention to you. You had their attention. But Delaware is a very liberal state, OK? And you need to persuade some conservative Democrats and some independents to come over to your side and you weren't able to do it.

O'DONNELL: Well, see that's where the attention was a good thing and a bad thing at the same time, because what we ended up having to do because the party didn't give us their apparatus, their get out the vote machine. We had just over six weeks from primary to general election. Without that party machine to plug into, we had to rebuild that whole get out the vote effort.

O'REILLY: And that is absolutely a legitimate point that you didn't have the machine that a lot of people have to get the people to the vote. But, I do submit to you if you had done a few things differently, it would have been closer.
O'DONNELL: Yes.

O'REILLY: Now, why do you think the press beat you up?
O'DONNELL: Well, like most liberals, what the Democratic playbook was this year, you can't stand on the record. They could not stand on, you know, cap-and-trade, which is going to cause everybody's utility bills to go up, or raising taxes, the largest tax increase in U.S. history. So, they had to attack the candidates. They had to make it personal.

O'REILLY: Yes, but the press relished attacking you. They relished it. They loved it.
O'DONNELL: Maybe it's some of the double-standard being a female.

O'REILLY: For example, they didn't attack Carly Fiorina.
O'DONNELL: You tell me. I have no idea.
O'REILLY: Well, that's why I asked you to come in here today. Look, Carly Fiorina got thumped out in California.
O'DONNELL: Yes.

O'REILLY: But they didn't go after Carly Fiorina the way they went after you. It was all personal. You're an idiot, you're this, you're that, you know, and I'm going to myself, it was almost like Sarah Palin. It was almost the same thing. Why are they going after her? Why do they want to denigrate her personally? Why?
O'DONNELL: You know the most frustrating part of all of that was if you asked the people, "Did you watch the speeches? Did you watch the debate?"
O'REILLY: They don't care. They just want to demean you.
O'DONNELL: They just wanted to attack me rather than look at where I stand on the issues.
O'REILLY: And you don't know why?
O'DONNELL: You know, I think that there could be a whole social scientist study over why.
O'REILLY: Did it have to do with the fact that you are a Christian conservative pro-life?
O'DONNELL: It could be a strong woman who had the audacity that challenge the system, and I busted up the backroom deal. I think there were a lot of bruised egos. A lot of, you know, you're taking the power out of our hands. I think at least for the party in Delaware, the Democratic -- the Republican leadership in Delaware they would rather control the way they lose than lose control of their party.
O'REILLY: Well and that is not just in Delaware. The old boys don't want to give up their power. But I'll tell you because I have to tell the audience: As you know, when you won the nomination we were very interested in having you on the program. We just couldn't get you on.
O'DONNELL: Yes.
O'REILLY: And that was a big mistake I think because this is by far the most widely watched program and not only that people watch it, but it goes out on the Net and all of that. So, your people for whatever reason maybe didn't handle you the way you should have been handled. Now, going forward, going forward, OK? Because now people are interested in you, what are you going to do?
O'DONNELL: Well, let me just address that real quick, because that's where the party leadership could have helped because we had to bat away a lot of the negative publicity.
O'REILLY: I know, but you were…
O'DONNELL: Right, right. But while rebuilding, it was simply a timing thing, a lot to do in a little bit.
O'REILLY: Come on. I saw you on programs where six people watch. I mean and now we're going with six million people watching.
O'DONNELL: People were willing to come to Delaware and meet us on the campaign trail. Moving forward, we have a lot of opportunities. We are meeting with different publishers today. So definitely a book deal.
O'REILLY: Book, all right.
O'DONNELL: Definitely a book deal. Who I'm going to do that with we're still exploring. You know, I have been offered anything from a reality show, which I'm not so interested in.
O'REILLY: No "Dancing With the Stars"?
O'DONNELL: No "Dancing With the Stars."
O'REILLY: Because I would like to see you and Bill Maher together.
(LAUGHTER)
O'DONNELL: Yes.
O'REILLY: Could you do that? So, no reality shows but would do a commentary type thing and stuff like that and so.
O'DONNELL: Yes, I mean, there's a lot of opportunities have been presented.
O'REILLY: So going forward you want to stay in the public arena and you want to advocate for certain things that you believe in?

O'DONNELL: Yes, I would like to continue to be a voice for the voiceless and help to stop the destructive policies coming in the lame duck session.
O'REILLY: Well, we appreciate you coming on in here tonight. Good luck.
O'DONNELL: Thank you, Bill.
O'REILLY: And I'm sorry you had to go through a lot of that garbage you went through.
O'DONNELL: I appreciate that. Thank you very much.


