By Bill O'Reilly
My newspaper column this week explains why the Obama administration has reached its lowest point. I cite four critical areas where the country is suffering: the economy, Afghanistan, the oil spill and illegal immigration. I don't even mention the crushing deficit that is threatening the U.S. dollar.
Click here to watch "Talking Points"!
Because this is a tough time, I've been studying President Obama and his policy pronouncements. As you may know, we have been fair to the president. We don't nitpick or take things out of context.
But -- but -- I am flat-out confused by what Mr. Obama is doing. Let me cite two examples.
The president is now reversing himself in Afghanistan. He's saying we might not begin pulling out of there next summer; we'll react to the situation on the ground. Well, that is the correct policy. You can't fight a war when the enemy knows the checkout time.
But on the illegal immigration front, things are getting crazy. The feds are now planning to sue the state of Arizona for trying to protect itself. Also, the president has appointed a sanctuary city supporter as a liaison between the feds and the states on the immigration issue.
Harold Hurtt, a former police chief in both Houston and Phoenix is outwardly sympathetic to illegal aliens. As chief, he refused to enforce federal immigration law. Now Hurtt is a federal immigration official? Come on. That's insane.
Also, there are rumors being put out by Republicans that the president is exploring giving amnesty to illegal aliens without congressional approval. "Talking Points" does not believe those rumors.
Let me repeat: I do not believe them.
If President Obama were to sign an executive order giving illegal aliens amnesty, his career would be over and an impeachment movement would explode. However, the hiring of Chief Hurtt proves that the president is extremely left on the immigration issue.
So we have a better policy in Afghanistan and a worse policy in the immigration arena.
Confusion is never good for any country, and all the polls say the folks are losing confidence in Mr. Obama's leadership.
The president needs to become more consistent in how he wants to solve vexing problems. He needs to act quicker. He needs to show more passion, and he needs to be far less liberal.
That's as clear as I can be.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Our pal Pete Hamill is finally graduating from high school. The New York City writer dropped out of school in 1951 at age 15. He went on to become a legendary journalist, and over the weekend Regis High School in Manhattan awarded him his diploma, so he is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, let me introduce you to Peggy West. She is a Democratic supervisor in Milwaukee County who does not like the new Arizona law.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PEGGY WEST, MILWAUKEE COUNTRY SUPERVISOR: If this was Texas, which is a state that is directly on the border with Mexico, and they were calling for a measure like this, saying that they have a major issue with undocumented people flooding their borders, I would have to look twice at this. But this is a state that is removed from the border.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. Chairman, I just wanted to assure my colleague that Arizona does in fact share a border with the country of Mexico.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Ms. West is a pinhead.

