

BY BILL O'REILLY

A political hit job exposed. That's the subject of this evening's "Talking Points Memo." Last week, the nation saw an example of how dirty politics can get.
In the California gubernatorial race, a liberal lawyer named Gloria Allred accused Republican candidate Meg Whitman of employing an illegal alien.
The woman housekeeper, Nicky Diaz, apparently worked for the Whitmans for about nine years and was paid $23 an hour. She was hired from an employment agency, but says that she was fired by Meg Whitman once her campaign for governor got underway.
For her part, Ms. Whitman denies any wrongdoing, saying she thought Ms. Diaz was legit. The issue was center stage during the debate on Saturday.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MEG WHITMAN, GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATE, R-CALIF.: After November 2nd, no one is going to be watching out for Nicky Diaz. Jerry, you know, you should be ashamed you and your surrogate put her deportation at risk. You put her out there and you should be ashamed for sacrificing Nicky Diaz on the altar of your political ambitions.
JERRY BROWN, GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATE, D-CALIF.: You have a -- blamed her, blamed me, blamed the left, blamed the unions, but you don't take accountability and you can't be a leader unless you are willing to stand on your own two feet and say yes, I made a mistake and I'm going on from here.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
California is smart enough to decide the issue from for themselves, but there is no question that Ms. Diaz is being used to hurt Ms. Whitman. Ms. Allred, of course, says she is simply exposing the truth and points to a letter that Whitman's received stating that the Social Security number Ms. Diaz was using was suspect.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ALLRED: Here's the letter. She said we, meaning her husband and herself, never received it. And here it is, it's got her address on it it's got her name on it. It has got her husband's handwriting on it.
GRETA VAN SUSTEREN, FOX NEWS HOST: Gloria, this is almost delusional because, yes, that's what I'm telling you. This is where you get barbecued in court. This doesn't show Meg Whitman knows it. It shows her husband is confused by it and turns it over to the housekeeper and then the housekeeper sits on it because she knows she has this big fat lie.
ALLRED: Meg Whitman said to the public and the press before I showed this letter we never received that letter. So she is saying flatly denying that.
VAN SUSTEREN: She didn't get it.
ALLRED: She lied. She said her husband didn't either.
VAN SUSTEREN: If this ever went to a jury, it doesn't go to a jury.
ALLRED: It's not going to court.
VAN SUSTEREN: What you've done is you've outed your client, told the world that here we have got this undocumented person in the United States who now under penalty of perjury has lied. You put a big neon sign come arrest my client. You referred to your client as Rosa Park because she lied.
ALLRED: Yes, exactly.
VAN SUSTEREN: And duped Meg Whitman into thinking that she was legal and so suddenly she is the Rosa Parks.
ALLRED: I'll tell you why she is Rosa Parks. She is Rosa Parks and she is very admired by a lot of people who are Latinos who are Latinos and others who are not. Because everybody appreciates the huge risk that was she is taking. I know that a lot of people like you and a lot of people on Fox News Channel would like her...
VAN SUSTEREN: Now stop that. Stop that Gloria. Gloria, don't you dare do that to me.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
All right. You can make the call on that exposition. I thought Greta did her job very well, but the attacks on Meg Whitman did do some damage to her.
New Rasmussen poll shows Jerry Brown now leading 49 percent to 44 percent and the race was almost a dead heat before the thing blew up. So, this whole incident brings up questions of loyalty, lies, and dirty tricks.
In other words, it is politics as usual and that's "The Memo."

PINHEADS & PATRIOTS
Finally, brand-new "Pinheads & Patriots" situation here on "The Factor." From now on, you vote. You decide who the "Pinheads & Patriots" are each evening. Not me, you. We're going to show you some video every night. Then you cast your ballot on BillOReilly.com, pinhead or patriot. Give you the results the following evening.
We kick things off tonight in Asia with a teacher, a student and a cell phone.(Watch the video here)
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE:  (Speaking foreign language)
(PHONE RINGS)
(SMASHING PHONE)
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Well, that's quite a statement. So here's the question: Is the teacher a pinhead or a patriot for breaking the kid's phone? Go to BillOReilly.com and cast your ballot.



