By Bill O'Reilly
Once again -- once again -- the president has decided to embrace a policy that goes directly against the majority of the American people.
"The Factor" has now confirmed that the Justice Department will sue the state of Arizona over the new anti-illegal alien law that says Arizona police authorities have the right to question a person about their nationality if that person is already engaged in a police matter.
Click here to watch "Talking Points"!
The feds say the law is unconstitutional because immigration issues are under the banner of Washington. That is, federal authorities control the borders and immigration. So a Supreme Court showdown is likely.
But the court of public opinion says this: Nearly 60 percent of Americans support the Arizona law, understanding the federal government has not controlled illegal immigration and that has affected Arizona in terrible ways. The state is in bad financial trouble. Authorities say they are under siege from foreign nationals.
So, once again, the Obama administration has gone against public opinion. Same thing happened with Obamacare and with civilian trials for captured Al Qaeda big shots.
In fact, Politico is now reporting that the Obama administration will put off the trial for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed until after November's election. That because public opinion is so adamantly against the civilian trial.
By the way, old Khalid is still in Guantanamo Bay, which is not apparently going to be closed any time soon.
With the oil still gushing into the Gulf of Mexico at a rate of up to 60,000 barrels a day and with the president taking unpopular positions, it is no wonder the latest Gallup poll is bad news for him. Fifty-one percent of Americans now say Mr. Obama does not deserve to be re-elected in 2012; 46 percent want him to stay in office.
While the poll is, as I said, bad news, the president is not out of the game by any means.
Ironically, some of the president's opponents are helping him when they get crazy. The latest is some heavily armed men wielding assault rifles heading for the Arizona-Mexico border. This is just stupid. These guys should get out of there right now. Nothing good can come from vigilantism, and all fair-minded people should oppose it.
I can't tell you why President Obama is taking positions that are illogical and contrary to public opinion. I understand Obamacare. That's an ideological play. But Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and suing Arizona, that's just inexplicable.
If I ever get a chance to interview President Obama again, that's my first question: "Why?"
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
On Friday, we had two patriots, so because we're fair and balanced, tonight we have two pinheads.
In an unbelievable display of chutzpah, BP CEO Tony Hayward went yachting over the weekend. He rode around on his yacht named Bob. At first I thought the yacht was named Boob, but it is Bob. If only the skies would have opened and dumped boiling oil on Tony and Bob, that would have been justice. Hayward is an incredible pinhead.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
The second pinhead this evening is pop star Miley Cyrus, who is now running around wearing ridiculous outfits, trying to look like Lady Gaga. Ms. Cyrus became wealthy and famous on the Disney Channel, appealing to wholesome families. For a while, she was a good role model for kids. Now, apparently she wants to be like the Lady, which is a tremendous career mistake for her. It also makes Miley Cyrus a pinhead.

