




BILL O'REILLY, FOX NEWS HOST: In the "Personal Story Segment" tonight, on the heels of Meg Whitman-illegal alien housekeeper, comes the far-left "Nation" magazine accusing Lou Dobbs of employing illegal aliens. Lou even gets on the cover. Mr. Dobbs denies it, confronted the reporter who wrote the story on his radio program.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
LOU DOBBS, SYNDICATED RADIO TALK SHOW HOST: Did I or the Dobbs Group at any time hire any illegal immigrant for any reason whatsoever ever? You can answer that?
ISABEL MACDONALD, REPORTER, "THE NATION": You and the Dobbs Group have relied on the labor of exploited, undocumented workers for years.
DOBBS: You have got to be able to give me at least a sensible, straightforward answer to a simple, sensible straightforward question. Have I or any of my companies, ever hired an illegal immigrant? Yes or no?
MACDONALD: No.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Joining us now from Lexington, Kentucky is Lou Dobbs. All right, just so the audience knows because nobody reads the dopey magazine "The Nation." I mean, that got the lowest circulation of any magazine I've ever heard of. They basically contend that your group, the Dobbs Group, that runs some of your concerns like where you are now in Lexington, your horses. They take care of various things that you do in Florida and New Jersey and in Kentucky.
DOBBS: Right.
O'REILLY: They subcontract out to clean the stables, to do the gardens, to do this, that and the other thing.
DOBBS: Right.
O'REILLY: And, in the subcontracting, there are some illegal aliens who talked to "The Nation" and said, yes. OK, so that's the beef.
DOBBS: Apparently.
O'REILLY: And, I think that's true, right? Some of your subcontractors had a couple of guys in there that were from Mexico.
DOBBS: It appears be to the case. I had no knowledge of it. We do every -- we had asked for guarantees that it wouldn't happen, it did. But -- we all, without our control. And, everything that is in our control, I assure you, Bill, we go to great lengths to make sure it just doesn't happen.
O'REILLY: OK, and I want to just tell the audience that I have almost the same problem. I'm not nearly as affluent as you, and I don't have any horses. I have a little dog. But I subcontract out, too, and I have people that come in and they do certain things for my corporation. And I don't go around asking for their passports and taking fingerprints.
DOBBS: Right.
O'REILLY: I trust the company. I say to the company -- I want all legal workers. Obviously, I'm a high profile guy, "Oh yes, Mr. O'Reilly. They are all legal." You know, I have guys that come in and do a pool. They do construction. But, I'm not going around climbing up on the ladder saying, "Jose, can I see your passport." I mean, if I did that, I would be a racial profiling guy.
DOBBS: Exactly. And that is essentially what "The Nation" is suggesting, that I should have done is racial profiling. And, then others have asked, will, am I firing the landscaping firm that, now it turns out, may have had these illegal immigrants? The answer again is, "No." Not in this environment, not at any time am I going to be responsible for anyone losing a job. And, that's their responsibility.
O'REILLY: Yes, but I would tell them, Lou. I would them tell that you --look, with your profile against --
DOBBS: I did.
O'REILLY: Illegal alien hiring and this and that, I would say, "Look, you guys. You have got one more chance. I want all legal workers working on my properties. And, if it happens again, you are fired." I think you give them another chance. Now, this magazine --
DOBBS: You captured the gist of that conversation, Bill.
O'REILLY: Yes. Well, great minds think alike, Dobbs.
DOBBS: I will give them another chance.
O'REILLY: Yes --
DOBBS: You bet.
O'REILLY: Yes, I mean, you know? Now, this magazine, "The Nation," I mean, you know what this is all about. This is, you know --
DOBBS: It's left-wing.
O'REILLY: Yes, way left-wing.
DOBBS: It's a left-wing rag.
O'REILLY: But, that woman, you got to give her props --
DOBBS: It's a left-wing publication --
O'REILLY: I wouldn't call it a rag, but it's far-left. The woman, you have got to give her props, comes on your radio program and actually tells you the truth.
DOBBS: Yes.
O'REILLY: That you and your group never knowingly hired an illegal alien.
DOBBS: Right.
O'REILLY: So, I would have say right after that, "Ms. MacDonald, okay, why the hell did you do this story in the first place?"
DOBBS: Exactly! Exactly! And the suggestion is because I relied on, ultimately, the labor of illegal immigrants. Now, I have been reporting, as have you, on this issue for what? Ten years?
O'REILLY: Yes.
DOBBS: We've talked somewhere between 12 and 20 million illegal immigrants in the country. This should not be a surprise to anyone that we across this great country are now using illegal immigrant labor in our hotels, our restaurants, landscaping, construction. My God, you know, they are absolutely -- our economy.
O'REILLY: Yes, unless you're going to do a personal body search check.
(LAUGHTER)
DOBBS: Right.
O'REILLY: I mean, come on. You know, the people are doing the work for you. You are trying to be a good guy. And you're paying them good money. And then you have -- all right.
DOBBS: Right. And you know what else, Bill?
O'REILLY: All right, well, I think they are hurting their own cause. Go ahead.
DOBBS: I think so, too. And, let me tell you why. In addition to everything else, I'm working with Senator Schumer, Congressman Luis Gutierrez with factions from the left, the right, trying to come up with a sensible compromise that will resolve this issue.
O'REILLY: Sure.
DOBBS: While the so-called, purported representatives and those who suggest they are representing the interest of illegal immigrants haven't gotten it done in four years --
O'REILLY: No, because they want open border and -- look, "The Nation" --
DOBBS: Exactly.
O'REILLY: Wants open border amnesty and that's not going to happen in this country.
DOBBS: Right.
O'REILLY: All right, Lou, have fun out there in the country. It's beautiful territory. Thanks very much.
DOBBS: Thanks very much, Bill.


