

BY BILL O'REILLY

The Taliban in Afghanistan are whipping up Muslim fanatics, telling them that evil America wants to burn the Koran all over the place. And these zombies believe that because they want to believe it. So, they're running around protesting, even though they don't know what the deuce is going on.
It's incredible that one loon in Florida can cause so much damage by threatening to burn the Koran. The guy's not going to do it, but just the dog and pony show puts our troops in danger, as President Obama well knows.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It is in the age of the Internet, something that can cause us profound damage around the world. And so, we've got to take it seriously.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
And the president is correct. Muslim fanatics are running this Koran deal all day long. So what can the president do? Some commentators apparently believe he can prevent the loon from insulting the Koran.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP, "MORNING JOE", MSNBC)
PAT BUCHANAN, MSNBC ANALYST: If this pastor has not stepped down from what he's going to do, I think the president of the United States as commander and chief, who's responsible for the security of those troops and who sent them over and put them in harm's danger, he should put a stop to this. This should not go forward. If the pastor has not, by tomorrow, Saturday, September 11th, if he has not stood down, frankly, I would have U.S. marshals or the FBI arrest him and take him into custody.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
But is that legal? Fox News analyzed various presidential powers. And the sad truth is Mr. Obama cannot stop that hateful man. There is no law that allows him to do it.
If the guy does indeed burns the Koran, local authorities may find an ordinance that he violates, but Mr. Obama cannot intervene under the First Amendment.
So once again, we have a clash of civilizations. The Muslim world is largely run by dictators. They have no rights over there. Burn the Koran, lose your life. And many Muslims don't understand our Constitution. Even some who do, hate us for our freedom.
This has been going on since the founding of America. We have always run up against political systems different from our own and despots who despise us because we are a free people.
Before 9/11, the USA had nothing against Muslims. We didn't start the war on terror. They did. And now one lone American nut, one, is likely to cause even more people to die at the hands of crazy jihadists.
"Talking Points" knows there is no defeating insanity. You just hope you can contain it. The guy in Florida is a nut. Muslim jihadists are out of their minds. And we, unfortunately, are threatened by them. And that's "The Memo."

PINHEADS & PATRIOTS

Defying PETA, the animal rights group, is everyone's favorite, Lady Gaga. Now, she appeared on the Japanese men's edition of Vogue, which I didn't even know existed, wearing a bikini constructed from raw steak. Nobody knows why Miss Gaga did that. But it has offended the PETA people, so you can decide if she's a patriot or pinhead.
No grilling jokes, please.
And while we're on the subject of pinhead, the head of the Democratic National Committee, Tim Kaine, was on Jon Stewart.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
TIM KAINE, HEAD OF DNC: We're the underdog party. Even when we have a majority we're the underdog party.
JON STEWART, HOST, COMEDY CENTRAL'S "THE DAILY SHOW": You control the Senate, the House and the executive branch. You're the underdog in what universe? You're a party that has done all these historic things and you're battling for the underdog. What is it about that message that's not getting through to humans?
KAINE: You've never had a bad day?
STEWART: Not one like you're going to have in November. I'll tell you that much.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Wow, Mr. Kaine a pinhead? Only you can make the call.





