

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "At Your Beck and Call" segment tonight: The very liberal New York Congressman Anthony Weiner does not like — does not like — our pal Glenn Beck at all. And now Weiner is saying that Beck is scaring people into buying gold, even as a gold company sponsors Glenn's radio program. Well, last night, Beck responded:
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
O'REILLY: So here's Beck writing notes about Anthony Weiner. Now, he's the congressman from New York. He hates you. And are you accountable? Are you eating wiener?
Click here to watch Beck in the No Spin Zone!
GLENN BECK, FOX NEWS HOST (eating a hot dog): I'm here with a wiener, in fact.
O'REILLY: Now, isn't that a little immature, that you're making fun of a sitting congressman by eating a wiener, because the guy's named Weiner?
BECK: Pure coincidence.
O'REILLY: It is? So it's pure coincidence that you would come on the "Factor" with a wiener when we're talking about Anthony Weiner?
BECK: Um-hmm.
O'REILLY: OK. We might explain to those who are not aware that the congressman is accusing you of being Goldfinger.
BECK: A lot of wieners do that.
O'REILLY: Do they?
BECK: Do you know technically he is the only Weiner in Congress?
O'REILLY: I did not know that.
BECK: Anyway, it's weird.
O'REILLY: Explain what his objection is.
BECK: Well, Congressman Weiner has an objection of a company selling antique gold coins for 18 percent profit.
O'REILLY: Goldline.
BECK: Goldline, yes. It's a company I represent.
O'REILLY: That's a good company, I think.
BECK: A+ credit rating from the Better Business Bureau. In fact, The New York Times was called on it, and they said after they saw Anthony Weiner's report they decided to go back and look at it, and they rechecked it again. This, according to The New York Times, they have an A+ rating. They've retained their A+ rating in an industry that is full of F's. It's weird. It's almost like Weiner is going after something else. Maybe...
O'REILLY: You.
BECK: Yes. Come on. I mean, here's the thing. Here's a guy who one of his main people — he used to work for Media Matters, which is weird. But also, here's a guy who's trying to tell an A+ Better Business Bureau-rated company how to do business when he has been nailed twice for financial improprieties.
O'REILLY: Weiner has?
BECK: Weiner has. That's what, you know, you would expect.
O'REILLY: One of the things that he says is that you scare everybody.
BECK: I do. He's right on that one. I'm scaring you right now, right?
O'REILLY: Well, I'm kind of impervious to your shenanigans, but a lot of people aren't. You scare them by saying the economy is going to hell. The currency is not going to be worth anything.
BECK: I know, and it's weird because Paul Volcker, I just read in the paper, Paul Volcker said we're running out of time. For what? Another birthday party, Paul? For what?
O'REILLY: Time to fix the economy.
BECK: The president said the worst was behind us. It's almost like I'm not the only one saying it. It's almost like the stock market going down is kind of like the same thing.
O'REILLY: I'm not trying to legitimize Weiner's comments or whatever you say on the show.
BECK: Are you a Weiner supporter?
O'REILLY: No. I like Weiner because he comes on the program. But...
BECK: There was a...
O'REILLY: ...he is a far-left guy. He's a far-left guy. He doesn't like you and that's it. But I want to get the audience, I want to get across to the audience that Weiner is a sitting congressman. Weiner says that because you are frightening the American public by saying the economy is bad and you better, you know, watch out for your dollars. They might not be worth it.
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: That you're — you and the gold people have an arrangement. That's what Weiner purports.
BECK: Right.
O'REILLY: But Weiner then goes, I heard on your radio show today, after he says this he goes to the White House for a meeting.
BECK: Yes. Isn't that interesting? An hour — an hour after he says that.
O'REILLY: But that's why it's not a joke. That's why it's not a joke. Because if Weiner — if Weiner is working with people in Congress or in the White House to try to destroy you, that's not a joke, Beck. Then I have to get involved and defend you.
BECK: Wait a minute. Hold it. Hang on just a second. Thank you.
O'REILLY: You're welcome.
BECK: Here's the thing. So it wasn't a joke when Jim Wallis, the spiritual and political adviser of President Barack Obama, is boycotting me. Leading a boycott.
O'REILLY: Nobody knows who he is though.
BECK: He is a spiritual and political adviser.
O'REILLY: Yes, but nobody knows.
BECK: He's meeting with the president. Then you have Andy Stern, SEIU.
O'REILLY: Yes.
BECK: SEIU leading a boycott, trying to put me out of business. There's two people that are targets of mine. Van Jones, his organization leading a boycott. You have AFL-CIO president of — what's his name, Trumka, coming out and saying, "We're going to do something about the Beck problem." Really? And now Weiner. Please call me to testify. Please? Please. I will be so respectful.
O'REILLY: Weiner is the one you should take seriously. The others are, you know.
BECK: Is there something here that makes me — am I coming off like I don't take him seriously?
O'REILLY: Yes, a little bit. See, I think — I think that this is a legitimate news story, OK? I think it's a legitimate news story. I do. If Weiner — and I'm saying if, and we invited Weiner on next week, by the way.
BECK: Really?
O'REILLY: If Weiner is working with people behind, powerful people, elected people either in Congress or in the White House to try and destroy you, then Weiner himself has got a big, big problem. Big problem.
BECK: With what do you — how, Bill? With all of the problems going on, how is a company that is an A+ rated...
O'REILLY: It's stupid.
BECK: How does that possibly get to his desk? Do you know what he — do you know what he wrote about in his little — you know, his little...
O'REILLY: Blog.
BECK: Blog thing, whatever you're — whatever you're doing, Weiner, keep it up. The thing that he wrote was, "We've seen a blog response from somebody who said there was pressure."
O'REILLY: Let me just reiterate. I don't want to be repetitive here. If it's just Weiner, you just ate him, OK? He's gone. But if it's more than Weiner behind him, then it's a big story. We'll continue to watch it.
All right. Now, are you ready for...
BECK: Are you kidding me? You and me?
O'REILLY: We're going to be in Norfolk, Virginia. Sold out show, Norfolk, Virginia.
BECK: Knock down, drag out.
O'REILLY: And you're ready for it, right?
BECK: Are you kidding? You're not ready.
O'REILLY: I'm not going to peak too early.
BECK: You're not ready.
O'REILLY: OK. So Norfolk, Virginia, Bold Fresh Tour, sold out. And then Columbus, Ohio...
BECK: Columbus, Ohio.
O'REILLY: St. Louis.
BECK: St. Louis.
O'REILLY: And Westbury, Long Island. All will be sold out.
BECK: Yes. So you just go to Bold Fresh Tour.
O'REILLY: Bold Fresh Tour.
BECK: He named it after his book. It's not right. BoldFreshTour.com. Get your tickets now.
O'REILLY: Well, next time we'll call it Goldline.com.
BECK: Wieners! Wieners on stage.
O'REILLY: Glenn Beck, everybody. I'm sorry. I apologize.
BECK: I don't.
(END VIDEOTAPE)


