

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "At Your Beck and Call" segment tonight: Earlier this week, our pal Glenn agreed with the president on firing Gen. McChrystal. The G-man also thinks there is something very strange going on inside the White House.
Beck's new novel "The Overton Window" debuted at No. 1 on The New York Times best-seller list. I spoke with him yesterday.
Click here to watch Beck in the No Spin Zone!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right, Beck, so for one of the first times, you basically said Obama did the right thing by firing McChrystal. You were very clear about it. How did people on the radio, the callers, react to you saying Obama did the right thing?
GLENN BECK, HOST, "GLENN BECK": It wasn't that. It was really didn't -- it wasn't about Obama. It was about the right thing for the military.
O'REILLY: I understand that chain of command, you got to have respect. You got to have the infrastructure, but by extension because Obama did remove him.
BECK: I found that here is where I think the -- I was a little taken aback by some of the audience comments, most of them from veterans. They so distrust this president on how he treats the military and how he is running the war that they wanted the commander there to remain there and they thought it was the right thing for him to speak out against him. I can understand that but it's wrong.
O'REILLY: You can't run the military that way. My analysis was the same as yours, although I do feel that a stronger president at this point in history could have allowed McChrystal to stay, OK, could have scolded him and said this is unacceptable. If you had a Ronald Reagan in his second term he could have allowed and say magnanimously…
BECK: I don't like to set the precedent. I want my generals to come out and say, "Mr. President, this is what is happening and you are wrong on this" behind closed doors. I do not want to…
O'REILLY: No exceptions. It could be Robert E. Lee and Beck would have had him out of there.
BECK: Out of there.
O'REILLY: Doesn't matter who it was and it helped that Petraeus was involved.
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: Now, also on your radio program, you are talking about insects, flies, locusts. Let me run the sound clip and then you, of course, can expound…
BECK: This is science.
O'REILLY: …why insects now have become involved in public policy. Roll the tape.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The New York Times has reported that flies are swarming the White House, quote, "actual flies are swarming the place and Obama has come to now chasing down flies in the Oval Office with his briefing papers to smack them."
BECK: When was this printed?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Last year. It's happening.
BECK: He is Dr. Doolittle.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
BECK: He can talk to the animals.
O'REILLY: Your hypothesis is that rats and flies and bees all over the White House.
BECK: Have I -- have you ever seen flies, so many flies land on the face of the president?
O'REILLY: I haven't noticed that lately. Have there been more flies?
BECK: Are you kidding me? Like two or three have landed. Been in the middle of an interview and…
O'REILLY: And the Secret Service can't…
BECK: …I don't know what it is. But he has given two speeches in the last year where -- you didn't see the picture of the fly on his…
O'REILLY: Yes, I did once and he got the fly.
BECK: No, no, no. There are three fly incidents.
O'REILLY: There is a rat that came.
BECK: There is a rat that came and ran across the -- never seen that before. It's like he is the pied piper.
O'REILLY: Flies are following him everywhere.
BECK: May I? Did you see "Amityville Horror"? I'm just saying. The rats, the flies, the bees, they know.
O'REILLY: Are you drawing some Biblical reference to the underworld here?
BECK: No, you know what it is? He could be Dr. Doolittle.
O'REILLY: I thought Dr. Doolittle was Rex Harrison.
BECK: He could talk to the animals. Maybe he can talk to the rats, the flies and the bees. There is the possibility he is Dr. Doolittle, possibility "Amityville Horror," who knows. If I see a priest thrown out of the window of the top floor of the White House, be careful.
O'REILLY: OK, you are trying to intimate that this is some kind of Dracula guy who has power over the insects?
BECK: I never thought of Dracula. That is another possibility except I believe it was…
O'REILLY: Another possibility.
BECK: Dr. Doolittle is an absolute possibility. "Amityville Horror." Dracula.
O'REILLY: Beck, you wonder why people are writing awful things about you.
BECK: You know why? They may be in with the flies. They may be in with the flies.
O'REILLY: They could be. The press.
BECK: You never know. Would you be surprised if all of the sudden Paul Krugman came out and was like…
O'REILLY: That's The New York Times guy. Here is the deal tonight. You are entirely right on everything you said, OK?
BECK: Right.
O'REILLY: All right. Have a good evening.
BECK: I think he is mocking me here. I think he is just trying to make me go away happy.
O'REILLY: All right, Beck. Thank you for enlivening up the Friday "Factor."


