By Bill O'Reilly
Gallup says 26 percent of Americans strongly favor the Obama administration suing the state of Arizona over its tough new illegal alien law. Seven percent favor, but not strongly. However, 38 percent strongly oppose the federal lawsuit, and 12 percent simply oppose it. Seventeen percent have no opinion because they are zombies.
Click here to watch "Talking Points"!
Adding it up, 50 percent of the American public oppose the federal lawsuit. Just 33 percent support it.
Also, a new Rasmussen poll says 61 percent of Americans want the Arizona law in their state. Just 28 percent do not.
So it's clear the vast majority of Americans understand the feds have not controlled illegal immigration and that the states, the individual states, have a right to protect their own citizens, especially when the federal government will not.
"Talking Points" is not oversimplifying the matter. It is a protection issue. It has nothing to do with race. If millions of Polish people were pouring in here, I believe the stats would be the same.
We are living in a dangerous world. We can't have millions of people violating federal law and expect to have a responsible immigration policy. It's simply impossible.
As we reported Wednesday, there are now 1,100 illegal aliens suspected of violent felonies sitting in a Phoenix, Arizona, jail. Eleven hundred in one county. And you're telling me that Arizona doesn't have a right to have its police question suspected wrongdoers of their nationality? It's insane. Think about it.
Fair-minded Americans do not want to punish house painters and farm workers. They're here partially because our government tacitly encouraged them to come. These people do deserve a fair hearing in any immigration bill.
But President Obama is not doing the right thing here. He should be joining the state of Arizona to secure the border down there. Instead, he's spending millions of taxpayer dollars, our money, to weaken public safety.
Arizona authorities say they have received a half-million dollars so far in donations from Americans to fight the federal lawsuit. Close to 10,000 folks have sent money to the governor's office.
This is shaping up as a battle: a battle between the president and the folks. So far, Mr. Obama has not persuaded most of us that his immigration policies are effective, and I do not expect that to change.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
As you most likely know, Cleveland Cavaliers superstar LeBron James is leaving that city to play for the Miami Heat. That decision, announced Thursday night, has caused a lot of heat.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: LeBron James does not have a soul or a heart.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I personally think LeBron is probably the most overrated player in the NBA.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He's a LeBum, because he didn't come to the Knicks.
CROWD: Let's go Heat! Let's go Heat! Let's go Heat!
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: LeBron sucks!
(END VIDEO CLIP)
They're not happy in Cleveland, and I'll leave it to you to sort out who the pinheads and patriots are in this situation.

