First, a viewer warning. We have some rough tape coming up, but we have to show it to make a serious point.
We begin with the ACLU. On Sunday, the far-left outfit took out a full-page ad in The New York Times criticizing Barack Obama for thinking about handing Khalid Sheikh Mohammed back to the military.
The ACLU is crazed about this. It wants Al Qaeda terrorists to be tried in civilian court so that the USA can be attacked by lawyers representing the terrorists.
Click here to watch Bill's "Talking Points"!
And then there are the pundits on NBC. There was angst about Liz Cheney's organization, Keep America Safe, criticizing American lawyers who have defended captured terrorists in the past. We played you Ms. Cheney's ad last week:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The message of that ad is Dick Cheney is still out there and he's still angry about the way his war is being treated by history, by historians and frankly by…
CHRIS MATTHEWS, MSNBC HOST: So this is daughter of Dracula.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, it's daughter of Dracula, and you know, it's…
MATTHEWS: It's like in the old movie "Gotham."
(END VIDEO CLIP)
To be fair to Mr. Matthews, the daughter of Dracula thing is harmless but does demonstrate NBC's continuing mindset.
And now it gets crazier. I hesitate to use actor Sean Penn anymore on "The Factor" because he's so over the top, but here he is again defending Venezuela's socialist leader Hugo Chavez:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEAN PENN, ACTOR: Every day this elected leader is called a dictator here, and we just accept it and accept it. And this is mainstream media, who should — truly there should be a bar by which they — one goes to prison for these kinds of lies.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
We're sure Mr. Chavez would approve of Mr. Penn's proposal.
On the same program, Bill Maher talked about politically driven violence:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BILL MAHER, HOST, "REAL TIME WITH BILL MAHER": Yesterday, one of them tried to shoot his way into the Pentagon. Or did he? This is sad. He left a — they got him but, you know, he left a rambling paranoid manifesto on the Internet about how the government was going after his freedom. You know, it's sad when we see crazy, senseless deaths like this, we can only ask why? Why? Why couldn't it have been Glenn Beck?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now I guess that comes under the heading of satire, but if anybody here on Fox News said anything like that, the left-wing media would go nuts, and everybody knows it.
Finally, we lower the bar even further with this comment about Sarah Palin from comedian Kathy Griffin:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KATHY GRIFFIN, COMEDIAN: She's so famous as governor, you know, when John McCain picked her after meeting her for 10 minutes. And that must have been some (INAUDIBLE).
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now can you imagine if someone on Fox News said that? But if you're a far-left kook, you can say just about anything and the left-wing media will likely ignore it, especially if you attack Gov. Palin.
By the way, the women's groups remain silent as Mrs. Palin continues to absorb unfair cheap shots.
So what is driving all the far-left angst? It's pretty simple: President Obama is not living up to far-left expectations.
Mr. Obama understands that he must move to the center to stop the bleeding in the polls, and that is why the radical left is melting down.
Expect more amusement to come.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Your humble correspondent, that's me, picked five out of six Academy Awards correctly. I thought "Avatar" would get best picture, so I may be a pinhead on that one.
On the patriot front, Sandra Bullock did win best actress for "The Blind Side," but she also won a Razzie for worst actress of the year in "All About Steve."
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SANDRA BULLOCK, ACTRESS: Now, this is really wonderful for the most important reason. They said that no one went to see this movie, but there's over 700 members here, and if I won, that means the majority of this room had to have voted, so that means 352.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
For being a good sport, Ms. Bullock is a patriot.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
On the pinhead front, the award for strangest outfit of the evening: Woody Harrelson. Nice suit, right? It's made out of hemp. Woody could smoke the suit, and maybe he did.
As you may know, the Wood-man is a big pot advocate, and he made another statement last night.
Pinhead? You make the call.

