

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Weekdays With Bernie" segment tonight: Our provocative pal did not like what he saw last week when a congressional committee grilled British Petroleum CEO Tony Hayward.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. HENRY WAXMAN, D-CALIF.: Are you failing to cooperate with other investigators as well? Because they are going to have a hard time reaching conclusions if you stonewall them, which is what we seem to be getting today.
TONY HAYWARD, BP CEO: I'm not stonewalling. I simply was not involved in the decision-making process.
WAXMAN: I'm just amazed at this testimony, Mr. Hayward. You are not taking responsibility. You are kicking the can down the road and acting as if you have nothing to do with this company.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: With us now, the always controversial Bernie Goldberg. What's your beef now?
Click here to watch the segment!
BERNIE GOLDBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I want to make very clear, very clear, that I am not defending BP in any way at all.
O'REILLY: Stossel is going to do that tomorrow night.
GOLDBERG: That's his problem.
O'REILLY: Right here, Stossel is going to do that.
GOLDBERG: Those who call BP "Beyond Pathetic," fine with me. They need to pay for everything they have done wrong. If Tony Hayward -- or when Tony Hayward loses his job, not my problem. And if there is any criminal law that was broken, I don't care who goes to jail.
O'REILLY: You want them investigated, right?
GOLDBERG: That leads me to point No. 2. I don't care if you, Bill O'Reilly, grill Tony Hayward. I don't care if Chris Wallace does or Bret Baier. I don't care if any legitimate journalist grills Tony Hayward. I don't have a problem at all with that.
I have a big problem when the sanctimonious, holier than thou congressmen and women go on national television for six hours and beat somebody up with a stick, and not because I'm "Ms. Manners." That's not what bothers me. People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. These people, they have -- these congresspeople have spent us so far into debt, we may never get out. They keep voting on legislation that costs us trillions and trillions of dollars. They have mortgaged our future and our kids' future to the Chinese. They are -- they have never taken -- let me make one point. They have never taken responsibility for their…
O'REILLY: Of course not.
GOLDBERG: But they are lecturing somebody else about responsibility?
O'REILLY: Right. You're Congressman Goldberg from Dade County, Florida, OK. And you're on that panel. There is this weasel Hayward. He is a weasel. This guy is awful. He is -- stick around for "Pinheads & Patriots." Got something on him on that. OK. You are sitting there and it's your turn to question him. Are you going to say to him, Mr. Hayward, we in Congress have really screwed everything up, so I'm going to pass and not ask you any questions? Come on.
GOLDBERG: No, I'm not saying that. I understand that these people have a constitutional right to question Hayward or anybody else they want. They had a right to question the carmakers. And they had a right to question the people on Wall Street during the financial crisis. That's not the issue. But they weren't out for information as much as they were out for humiliation.
O'REILLY: They were grandstanding.
GOLDBERG: I will tell you this, Bill. This is a problem. When I'm sitting there watching this on TV -- and I guarantee you I'm not the only one who feels this way. When I'm watching this on TV and I start rooting for the bad guy…
O'REILLY: You were rooting for this weasel?
GOLDBERG: Well, I wasn't rooting for him, but…
O'REILLY: I wanted to smack him.
GOLDBERG: I didn't. I wanted to smack Henry Waxman.
O'REILLY: I always want to smack him. This is a new guy I wanted to smack.
GOLDBERG: Why not turn the tables and put Waxman…
O'REILLY: Wait, let's get back to -- all right, so you are Congressman Bernie Goldberg. Your constituents are furious. They are, you know, through the roof on this. Most Americans are just absolutely crazed that this company did this, don't know how to clean it up and they are arrogant. This guy is arrogant. Your constituents want you, Bernie Goldberg, to pound the guy into pudding. They want you to lay him out.
GOLDBERG: You know what? My heart goes out to the people on the Gulf Coast. Maybe that's true of many of them. But I don't know that it's true of the American people in general.
O'REILLY: Oh. Did you see that pelican? Just for the pelican, you got to slam him. There is a pelican covered with oil going what the…
GOLDBERG: You are going to pull the pelican card?
O'REILLY: I'm playing the pelican card, Goldberg, and the turtle card.
GOLDBERG: There is no response if you are going to go that low on me.
O'REILLY: I'm not going low. There is a pelican on TIME magazine cover with oil and the turtle can't even put his head back in the shell.
GOLDBERG: I would ask good questions, I hope. I would ask tough questions.
O'REILLY: When he dodged and stonewalled, you would go for his throat.
GOLDBERG: When somebody says there is an investigation going on, and I don't have the information until that investigation is completed…
O'REILLY: Piffle.
GOLDBERG: You are no different…
O'REILLY: Henry Waxman. Me and Henry. Both mean guys.
GOLDBERG: You both wear tin foil populist hats. You are no better than those circus clowns who grilled him.
O'REILLY: If that Hayward was sitting where you're sitting, he would be begging for Henry Waxman when I got through with him. He would be saying I want to go camping with Henry Waxman. That's how much I would wax that guy.
GOLDBERG: You have the right to wax -- this is a play off Henry Waxman.
O'REILLY: Right.
GOLDBERG: You have a right to do that.
O'REILLY: I got you. They're hypocritical.
GOLDBERG: These people who are grossly irresponsible, don't.
O'REILLY: Stossel is also going to give me some jazz on this. Good debate, Goldberg. Thanks for coming.
GOLDBERG: Thank you so much, Bill. I appreciate that very much.


