As we have been reporting, America's broke. Not only do the feds owe $13 trillion, but cities and towns all over the USA are going bankrupt.
For example, in Los Angeles, some murder investigations have stopped, as detectives are being sent home to balance out overtime costs. In Ohio, Ashtabula County authorities have cut so many cops from the payroll, they're telling citizens to arm themselves, that they can't protect them. In Colorado Springs, a third of the street lights have been turned off. Residents are being asked to donate money to get the lights back on. And in Chicago Heights, Illinois, emergency services may charge you if you need help. Recently a guy involved in an accident, not his fault, was billed $200 bucks.
All of this is happening because of the wild government spending over the past decade, and things are going to get worse.
Here's what you can expect. A national sales tax. The Obama administration can't pay its bills, so expect a European-style VAT on stuff we buy. The states will start issuing more tickets: parking, speeding, anything they can think of. The states will also raise fees on everything. And you'll be taxed on anything that moves, including out-of-state purchases.
This is war, ladies and gentlemen. A war on your wallet.
So far under President Obama, personal income has fallen more than three percent. That means we are making less money and the government's taking more of less. The state of California is bankrupt. New York state can't meet its obligations. New Jersey is bleeding. The list is endless.
On Long Island, where I live, they're even closing the pool at Jones Beach State Park. You can't even go in the pool anymore because they don't have any money.
This is what the entitlement culture brings. This is what high union pensions and unsupervised disability payments bring. The states don't have any money. The feds owe trillions. Yet, spending continues to rise.
Even the uber-left in America now understands what Gov. Schwarzenegger understands: You can't spend money you don't have without creating a disaster.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
One of our favorite people, Lady Gaga, has made a stunning announcement. She's telling her fans not to have sex, that it's OK to be celibate, that she is presently celibate. Wow.
As Sly Stone once sang, different strokes for different folks.
Is Miss Gaga a patriot? Well, you're going to have to make that call.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
On the pinhead front, ladies and gentlemen, the kickboxing primates. At Safari World outside of Bangkok, Thailand, they have trained orangutans to kickbox, and the crowds apparently love it. There's also a female primate parading around like a Vegas showgirl or something like that.
There is something very creepy about this, so I say these Safari World people, not the primates, are pinheads.

