Some conservatives are saying the president does not take terrorism seriously enough, but that's not the case any longer.
On Tuesday, the president was deadly serious about stopping any more terrorist attacks against Americans. Mr. Obama is a smart guy. He knows that he's got three strikes against him now, but he's not out. He is, however, tottering.
When a Muslim terrorist killed one soldier, wounded another in Arkansas, the press pretty much ignored it. Then came the Fort Hood massacre. The president never called it an act of terrorism. Then the underwear bomber struck on Christmas Day. Initially, the president called him an isolated extremist.
Well, that's three strikes in six months, and now there's trouble in the air.
Most Americans will not stand for poor security. The Obama administration has dismantled so many of the Bush-Cheney anti-terror programs — programs that worked against terrorism — that the president now finds himself in a very precarious situation.
The perception in many quarters is that the Obama administration cares more about the rights of terrorists than protecting the American people. That may not be fair, but the perception is out there.
If Al Qaeda manages another terror strike against the USA in the upcoming months, President Obama will be in serious trouble. He knows it, and that's why he looked so grim Tuesday.
Al Qaeda also knows it. Those killers understand the chaos they're causing, and of course they want to build on that.
Politics is often a very foolish game. Ideologues on both sides try to demean people with opposing points of view. But killing 3,000 people on 9/11 and coming close to blowing up a Northwest airliner on Christmas Day trumps politics. That's life and death.
"Talking Points" has said over and over the president is making a big mistake by trying foreign terrorists in civilian courts, by outlawing coerced interrogation and by giving the world perception that America's War on Terror is not a noble undertaking. We are not the problem; Al Qaeda is.
And by the way, terror thugs, they have no rights. None. If they did, why is President Obama shooting drones at them without a trial? Think about it. The president is dropping bombs on suspected terrorists. No trial. No interrogation. Just death.
But then he turns around and gives Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, who admits planning the murder of 3,000 people, lawyers and a civilian trial. Does that make any sense to you?
The issue of terrorism could bring down the Obama administration. One more successful attack on this country and all hell will break loose.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
As you may know, actor Kevin Bacon and his wife apparently lost some big money investing with the swindler Bernie Madoff, but that has not stopped Mr. Bacon from giving to charity. And the Broadcast Film Critics Association this year is giving him its humanitarian award. We believe Mr. Bacon is a patriot.
On the pinhead front, you make the call. Here's Mariah Carey at the Palm Springs Film Festival last night.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MARIAH CAREY, SINGER: Oh my goodness!
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: For you, Mariah kitten.
CAREY: I love you. I have to say this is — and please forgive me because I'm a little bit...
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (EXPLETIVE DELETED)
CAREY: Yes.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Pinhead? Up to you.

