On Saturday night in Long Island, New York, Westbury to be exact, the "bold" Glenn Beck and the "fresh" Bill O'Reilly took the stage in front of a sold-out house. Judging from crowd reaction, everybody had a good time, including the "Bold Fresh" guys.
Click here to watch O'Reilly's "Talking Points"!
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BILL O'REILLY: I remember Peter Jennings. I used to work for ABC News. And Peter says you have to lose that edge, and I go, you know, Peter, I don't think so. And now I'm making like twice as much money that Peter made. So — but he was a good guy. Peter was a good guy. He is a little effete, but he was a good guy. He goes, why don't you wear those little pocket hankies? I said, Peter, I don't know one human being that wears a pocket hanky; only you, all right. If I go to Page Lane with a pocket hanky, I will get beat up. They will hit me, Peter. I'll have swelling.
GLENN BECK: I swear we have — we've got to turn this thing on.
O'REILLY: Wait a minute. You have a woman cheering the bag. Did you hear that woman? The woman cheered the bag. You ought to give that to her.
BECK: Are you getting sick, too?
O'REILLY: Whoever cheered the bag, would you like it? It's kind of like Elvis with the scarf, Beck with the bag.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
We are not encouraging press coverage of the tour because both Beck and I know that in a two-hour presentation, the liberal media will pull two or three lines out of context to try to hurt us. That's what the liberal press does.
And so we were not surprised when Newsday, a very left-wing paper totally distorted the tour. Instead of reporting what actually happened, writer Dave Marcus made it into a Republican-Democrat story saying that Beck and I were shilling for the GOP.
The Newsday writer quoted two guys who are paid by the Democratic Party but did not use one quote, not one from any of the 3,000 people in attendance. Basically Newsday put forth that Beck and O'Reilly are out there trying to get votes for the Republicans and run down the Democrats.
Now, if you watch "The Factor" and/or the "Glenn Beck" program, you know that both of us have been very critical of the Republican Party. I'm a registered independent. Beck is unaffiliated with any party. And while Beck does not like President Obama's policies at all, I'm not an Obama basher.
In fact, that disturbed some in the crowd on Saturday night. I believe the president could be a very effective leader if he would just drop the liberal orthodoxy that is obviously creating chaos across the country.
I also believe the Republican Party is basically rudderless right now and needs to get a coherent message that would give us Americans hope for a better future. The GOP badly needs to unite around a central theme. Right now the party is split between hard-right conservatives and moderates.
But that has nothing to do with the 'Bold Fresh' Tour. Beck and I launched this deal so we could talk to you in person and it is selling out everywhere. That really annoys operations like Newsday.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
TV performers and movie stars realize there's good PR in doing stuff for charity. Ladies and gentlemen, in this corner, Kim Kardashian.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KIM KARDASHIAN, REALITY TV STAR: Oh my God, I've never been hit so hard. I've never been in pain like this before.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
I think Kim was in the white. Was that right? I couldn't recognize her even if she didn't have headgear. But Ms. Kardashian raised more than $10,000 for the Dream Foundation, which gives comfort to adults with terminal illness, so she is a patriot.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
On the pinhead front, Geraldo caught up with our pal Sean Penn in Haiti.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEAN PENN, ACTOR: I think that the positive reporting, reporting of positive actions by the United States, and you and I are two Americans talking, I can say has been unbelievable. Unbelievable. And meant and felt. The military that I've been dealing with, the 82nd Airborne, are people that, they've got me aspiring to a new level.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Wow. So for once in his life, Mr. Penn is actually praising his country. But is it too late? Must he always be a pinhead, or is redemption at hand? You make the call.

