The radical radio network Air America has announced it is all over for them. They are out of business. No surprise since that operation was never successful.
But here is a surprise: Last Tuesday when the Massachusetts votes were being counted, Fox News had almost six times as many viewers as MSNBC in prime-time and five times the audience of CNN.
That's not a victory; that's a massacre.
Sean Hannity, Greta and myself totally wiped out our cable news competition on perhaps the most important news day of the year.
To add perspective, "The Factor" at 8 p.m. on Tuesday beat all of ABC's prime-time programming that evening.
Now, most of the liberal media ignored the story and will not tell you how dominant Fox News has become. That's why many newspapers are failing. They simply will not tell you the truth.
But writing in The Miami Herald, TV critic Glenn Garvin did tell the truth:
"If you watched CNN or Fox News last night, you got a balanced analysis on how Republican Scott Brown pulled off the political upset of the century… On MSNBC, you got practically every conceivable expression of venom against Brown and anybody who voted for him… It may be too much to expect NBC, these days reduced to a national wisecrack, to be embarrassed over the frothing lunacy that passes for news coverage at corporate stepchild MSNBC."
"Talking Points" believes it's important that you, the concerned American citizen, understand exactly what's going on here.
A graph put up by Johnny Dollar on the Internet shows the percentage of time each network covered the election night speeches of Scott Brown and Martha Coakley. Fox News covered everything both candidates said. But not MSNBC and CNN. They covered Coakley far more than Brown.
Two things are clear. First, that the USA is moving to the right very quickly. And second, that Fox News is an honest enterprise. We gave Ms. Coakley the same amount of time we gave Mr. Brown even though she lost.
Americans have generally wised up about the media. You know when you're being conned. The attacks on Fox News by the left have failed. We are now dominating prime-time TV news coverage in this country. And it's not about ideology; it's about fairness.
To be fair, CNN has covered the Haiti story very well. There is no question about that. And I applaud the CNN correspondents who have done such a good job.
But our Fox News correspondents are just as good, and our political coverage is much more balanced than our competition. We like hearing differing opinions. It is more beneficial to you to hear all points of view.
After this week, there is no doubt that in the United States of America, Fox News is the go-to network for important information and honest analysis.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
As you may know, there was a big telethon Friday night to raise money for the Haitian people, a good thing. Actors George Clooney and Leonardo DiCaprio say they will each donate $1 million to that cause. That's very generous, so these guys are patriots.
On the pinhead front, who knew, but Prince is a big Minnesota Vikings fan.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PRINCE, "PURPLE AND GOLD" (SINGING): All of the odds are in our favor. No prediction too bold. We are the truth, if the truth can be told. Long reign the purple and gold.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Depending on who you're rooting for in the Vikings-New Orleans Saints game, Prince is either a pinhead or a patriot.
By the way, I'm a Jets fan, but I admire Peyton Manning's skills.

