Point No. 1: The United Nations is telling the United States to end the drone missile attacks on Al Qaeda in Pakistan.
A senior U.N. official said: "The international community does not know when and where the CIA is authorized to kill, the criteria for individuals who may be killed, [and] how it ensures the killings are legal."
The international community does not know? Good. It's none of their business. Al Qaeda attacked the USA killing nearly 3,000 people here. What did the international community do about that?
This is so outrageous. The U.N. continues to be grossly anti-American. They give quarter and sympathy to the worst terrorists on Earth.
President Obama is absolutely correct in dropping missiles on Al Qaeda strongholds. Period.
Point No. 2, and this is not good news for the president. Apparently another Democratic Senate candidate, Andrew Romanoff in Colorado, was approached about a job by the White House to get out of the race.
On the heels of Congressman Sestak, that makes two apparent violations of U.S. Code 600, which says it is illegal to entice any office seeker out of a race with the prospect of a government job.
In the case of Sestak, it was allegedly Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel involved. In the case of Romanoff, who is running against the incumbent Senator Michael Bennet, it was allegedly White House Deputy Chief of Staff Jim Messina who made the overture.
Apologists for the White House say it's business as usual. But the law is the law. We need a federal investigation. Are you hearing me, Attorney General Holder?
Point No. 3: The Los Angeles Unified School District will apparently instruct public school students that the new Arizona anti-illegal alien law is morally wrong.
Can you believe it? The nation's second largest school district is now bringing ideology and propaganda into the classroom using civics and history classes to tell children that law, supported by most of the nation, is morally repugnant.
No spin: The fact that the L.A. educators are ramming one-sided ideology down the throats of kids is the real moral outrage here.
Listen to this quote from board president Monica Garcia: "America must stand for tolerance, inclusiveness and equality. In our civics classes and in our hallways, we must give life to these values by teaching our students to value themselves, to respect others and to demand fairness and justice for all who live within our borders. Any law which violates civil rights is un-American."
So this is great. Monica Garcia is now the decider when it comes to what's un-American. Monica Garcia is the new un-American czar. Are you kidding me?
This is the worst example I have ever seen of indoctrination by a school board. The students in Los Angeles do not deserve this.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
The conservative outfit Newsmax has made an offer to buy Newsweek magazine, which is going down the drain. Now wouldn't it be refreshing for a weekly magazine not to be a liberal enterprise?
We wish Newsmax good luck. They are patriots for getting into the game.
Click here to watch "Pinheads & Patriots"!
On the pinhead front, the legendary Paul McCartney was honored Wednesday night. But the former Beatle had to get a political dig in:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PAUL MCCARTNEY: I want to just say one more time that it's a fantastic honor that the Gershwin family to give me this incredible award. And for me to be awarded it by the Library of Congress and in fact after the last eight years, it's great to have a president who knows what a library is.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Pinhead? You make the call.

