

BILL O'REILLY, FOX NEWS HOST: Thanks for staying with us. I'm Bill O'Reilly.
In the "At Your Beck and Call" segment tonight, we moved the G-man up one day because of the Obamacare controversy, and he joins us now.
All right, sir. So if it passes on Sunday, and it looks like when the vote is going to take place, are you going to leave the country?
GLENN BECK, FOX NEWS HOST: Oh, my gosh. I was thinking about moving to Canada. No, I'm not.
O'REILLY: I thought Costa Rica.
BECK: Costa Rica, no, no.
O'REILLY: You're going to stay?
BECK: My wife would like to move to some place warm and tropical which may be a different country eventually, Texas. But, no.
O'REILLY: Texas? A -- a lot of tropical stuff going on in Texas. But how are you going to react when you have this big entitlement coming in, government telling you, you know, what you're going to do, what you can't do?
BECK: I think the -- I think, like a lot of people who are seeing this, you know, as a long-term battle, this is -- this is D-Day if you will. But it's not the whole war.
Click here to watch the interview
O'REILLY: All right. So you're going to go, then. To use the battle analogy, you're going to go to the hills and fight a guerrilla campaign.
BECK: No.
O'REILLY: You're not?
BECK: No, no. I'm going to just continue to fight. I personally think that the only way to weather what's coming our way, because I know, Bill, you and I disagree with this -- on this, but I -- I mean, the economy is going to tank globally.
O'REILLY: If that happens, there will be major trouble. But let's keep it in the Obamacare realm.
BECK: That's what that's about. I believe Obama...
O'REILLY: There is attachment to it, because if the Obamacare vision, therefore cutting the deficit, doesn't happen -- like it didn't happen in Massachusetts and we pointed out at the top of the program, then you're absolutely right. The economy then becomes more precarious than it really is.
BECK: Did you hear what he said to Bret Baier? When he was talking to Bret Baier, he said, "This is just -- you know, this is just the beginning. We build from here." We're just -- this is the starter home. No matter what they say the cost is now.
O'REILLY: That's what -- Pelosi has said that, too.
BECK: All of them have.
O'REILLY: They all have said it.
BECK: Right.
O'REILLY: You've got to understand something. Pelosi is not going to be Speaker of the House this time next year.
BECK: Because this is not a tumor. They haven't given the republic a tumor here. They've injected poison into the bloodstream.
O'REILLY: Poison?
BECK: You'll never -- oh, it's poison. It's absolute poison. This is health care and education. This is both of them. You've lost all access to private dollars to get you into -- into universities and colleges. You won't be able to have that. That's attached to this.
The Center for American Progress said in a videotape that we found today that's been the plan the whole time. Excuse me?
O'REILLY: OK, well, it's quite clear that President Obama wants federal control over health, education, and the environment. There's no doubt about it.
BECK: Gee, thanks for letting us have what's left.
O'REILLY: Blame the folks who voted for him, 53 percent of Americans.
BECK: I do.
O'REILLY: He didn't hide it during the campaign. He said it quite clearly.
BECK: No, he didn't. No, he didn't.
O'REILLY: Believe me, he said it. He said it quite clearly.
BECK: Bill, you and I said it, where the -- where the people who voted for him, where they got lost was, he's -- he's a master at saying half truths. You and I heard him say redistribution of wealth.
O'REILLY: Yes, I heard him say it.
BECK: Joe the Plumber. Then he said no. Then he says no, no, no. Social and economic justice.
O'REILLY: Before we get to the religion thing, I want to talk to you. I just want to be clear. You're going to not leave the country?
BECK: Of course not.
O'REILLY: Obamacare passes.
BECK: This is my country.
O'REILLY: You're going to be here, and you're just going to continue to do what? Go to the doctor.
BECK: No. I'm going to -- I just had my appendix removed. I may get a heart-lung transplant just because I can now.
O'REILLY: Right. But you know what? When they ration care, Beck? You know where you're going to be?
BECK: Yes.
O'REILLY: At the end.
There you go. Glenn Beck -- oh, I don't know.
BECK: Sorry.
O'REILLY: In 2030, we might be able to fit him in.
BECK: His diabetes shots. Well...
O'REILLY: So Beck attacks organized religion on his radio program and causes -- and causes all kinds of angst. Roll the tape.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BECK: I beg you. Look for the words "social justice" or "economic justice" on your church Web site. If you find it, run as fast as you can. Social justice and economic justice, they are code words.
Now, the idea -- hang on. Stu is saying, am I advising people to leave their church? Yes, if I'm going to Jeremiah Wright's church? Yes, leave your church.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right. Now...
BECK: That's the part that the media keeps leaving out. Thank you for actually airing it.
O'REILLY: You're welcome. You're welcome. I'm a Roman Catholic, and in my religion the people who do the social justice are called liberation theologians.
A lot of Jesuits do that. OK, they believe that Jesus commands that the religion, that the Catholic religion compels people to provide for the poor, to set up a system where everybody gets what they need, this and that. Now, you want me to leave the Catholic Church?
BECK: No, no, no, no. First of all, check into liberation theology. Liberation theology was a perversion of the Catholic doctrine.
O'REILLY: OK. Let's not debate that. There are people, Catholic clerics who believe in liberation theology. What are they supposed to do?
BECK: That is a perversion of the gospel.
O'REILLY: But should I leave St. Mary's where I go to church?
BECK: That's up to you as an individual.
O'REILLY: No, I'm not going to...
BECK: You know who also is liberation theology? Jeremiah Wright. OK, that's liberation theology.
But listen, here, if your pastor is telling you or your priest is telling you that Jesus commands you to be charitable, he's absolutely right, and you stand firmly by his side. But if he's saying Jesus said, if a man asks you for your shirt, give the coat that you're wearing to the government and have them give the man pants.
O'REILLY: Right. Wasn't that in Luke 4?
BECK: That is social justice. This is a perversion.
O'REILLY: OK. Look, the Catholic Church contains many different points of view on that. And I've never heard a priest say you have to do this. Sometimes they give an opinion on it, but they don't say you have to do it.
BECK: Where they are preaching -- I can't believe that I have liberals coming after -- progressives coming after me for saying separation of church and state. If your church is saying that you need to -- that God is telling you that a big giant government controlling all of these things is charity, huh-uh.
O'REILLY: Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's.
BECK: Exactly right.
O'REILLY: But he was big. Caesar.
BECK: The big guy (ph) loved him. Good with a fiddle, too.
O'REILLY: That was Nero.
BECK: Oh, yes.
O'REILLY: OK. Ides of March, we just missed it.
All right, Glenn Beck, everybody. There he is.


