

By Bill O'Reilly

A few months ago, far-left bomb-thrower Bill Moyers gave up his weekly news analysis program on PBS, an exposition that often enraged conservatives because it was so one-sided. Moyers was the biggest name on PBS for almost 40 years, and there were few right-wing voices there to counter him.

One of the reasons the Democratic Party is in so much trouble this year is the massive federal spending. Since Nancy Pelosi became speaker of the House in 2007, almost $5 trillion has been added to the national debt.

And what do we have to show for that? Well, Mrs. Pelosi does ride home to San Francisco in a taxpayer-funded private jet. That's one thing.

This year the Corporation for Public Broadcasting will receive $420 million taxpayer dollars, almost a half-billion in federal funding. Some of that money will go to NPR, the committed left-wing radio network that recently fired Juan Williams.

"Talking Points" has analyzed both NPR and PBS to see how their analysts break down. Of the 18 names we looked at, 17 are liberal-leaning individuals. One, David Brooks, is a moderate. There are no conservative analysts on NPR or PBS.

So is that fair?

Forty percent of Americans describe themselves as conservative; just 20 percent as liberal. Yet we have almost a half-billion taxpayer dollars flowing into a liberal media outfit. Come on.

With cable TV and satellite radio nearly everywhere, there is no need for government-funded media, especially if the presentation is blatantly unfair. Cable TV needs product. If the PBS programs are strong, privately owned networks will buy them.

NPR is another story. It's in big trouble. Some of their affiliates are revolting after the brutal treatment Juan Williams received. But the NPR brass is actually saying the controversy is good because their fundraising is up.

Maybe that means radical-left guy George Soros is giving them even more than the $1.8 million he recently dropped on NPR. Maybe Soros will pony up another million or two. After all, NPR is in his far-left wheelhouse, is it not?

"Talking Points" actually wants NPR to get private funding because public funds should be denied. We understand legislation to defund Public Broadcasting will be introduced shortly.

Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell is also thinking about pulling state funds from Public Broadcasting. Other states should consider that as well.

This is not a vendetta against Public Broadcasting. I look forward to competing with them in the marketplace. This is a call for sanity. The wasteful and unnecessary federal spending has to stop.

And that's "The Memo."

Pinheads & Patriots


The hit Fox show "Glee" did an episode about the "Rocky Horror Picture Show" Tuesday night, and somehow I made it into the script:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

JANE LYNCH, ACTRESS: So what can I do for you?

MEATLOAF, SINGER/ACTOR: Someone at this school is seeking the stage rights to "Rocky Horror" as this year's musical. I take it you know the show?

LYNCH: When I was younger, I took my sister to the show. The audience was so enraged having a disabled person in their midst, you know what they did? They threw toast at us. You want me to shut it down?

MEATLOAF: No, no. We want you to do an expose proving that the secular-progressive agenda has finally arrived here in the Lima, Ohio, school district.

BARRY BOSTWICK, ACTOR: Sue, it's got a local Emmy written all over it.

MEATLOAF: Do we have a deal?

(END VIDEO CLIP)

Of course, the secular-progressive agenda is a theme in my book, so I'm glad the "Glee" folks are reading it. Was that scene pinheaded or patriotic? You can vote on BillOReilly.com.

On Tuesday night, we showed you Jon Stewart's reaction to NPR's firing of Juan Williams:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS ANALYST: If I see people who are in Muslim garb, and I think, you know, they're identifying themselves first and foremost as Muslims, I get worried. I get nervous.

JON STEWART, HOST, "THE DAILY SHOW": That's -- that's it? That's what got him fired?

SAMANTHA BEE, CORRESPONDENT, "THE DAILY SHOW": Yes. It was a direct violation of NPR's "never say anything interesting" policy.

STEWART: NPR, you just brought a tote bag full of David Sedaris books to a knife fight.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

Sixty-seven percent of you thought the bit was patriotic; 33 percent pinheaded.


