

By Bill O'Reilly

Another outrage by Congress and what you can do about it, that is the subject of Thursday's "Talking Points Memo."

If the feds don't pass a new spending bill, the government might shut down in a few days, and I say good. These pinheads need some time off.

The Wall Street Journal says this is the worst Congress in modern history, and the folks seem to agree. A new Gallup poll says 13 percent of Americans believe the current Congress is doing a good job.

And now our pal Harry Reid, along with Appropriations Chairman Sen. Daniel Inouye, have dumped a trillion-dollar-plus spending bill on the Senate floor a few days before Christmas. Of course, the bill is loaded with pork.

Apparently, the Democrats want us to fund a $10 million foundation for the late Congressman John Murtha. They also want $8 million for the Edward Kennedy Institute, and $36 million more for public broadcasting so they can fire more people like Juan Williams.

The list goes on and on. More than $8 billion in absolute waste. So this bill shouldn't pass, and you should call your congresspeople and senators and ask them to vote against it.

The Wall Street Journal also opines that Congress has contempt for the taxpayers, and it's hard to argue with that. The voters last November sent a clear message they want the wasteful spending to stop. But these people in Washington basically are saying, "Hey, blank you."

And the media generally goes right along with the federal gravy train. Speaking on CNN, commentator Fareed Zakaria even says it's the American people who need to wake up.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

FAREED ZAKARIA, CNN COMMENTATOR: No, I think the people are the big problem. They need to recognize that some of what's going to happen here is fewer -- they have to consume fewer things. They have to accept slightly higher taxes, and, in the long run, you will have a much better economy.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

So according to Zakaria, we the people should pay more taxes and cut back on consuming stuff. That's what's going to turn it all around. Good grief.

There comes a point when people get the government they deserve. There is no question that Congress has spent this country into near bankruptcy and what do we have to show for it?

Do we have high-speed trains? Nope.

Do we have a honest public broadcasting corporation? Nope.

Do we have updated roads and bridges in most places? I don't think so.

Do we have a secure border? No, we don't.

How about a smooth airline security system? Nope, don't have it. We can't even get the airlines to fly on time.

So again, it's up to us, the folks, to tell our elected officials in Washington not to vote for any more pork. We don't need a John Murtha Foundation. We don't need a Ted Kennedy Institute.

What we do need are politicians looking out for us. And if they don't start, let's give them some hell.

And that's "The Memo."

Pinheads & Patriots

'Tis the season to be jolly, but sometimes you can go overboard. Take a look at this house in Round Rock, Texas. Would you like to live on this block?

Click here to see the house's over-the-top Christmas display!

I'm trying to sleep here! So are the decorations pinheaded or patriotic because there are other people living in the neighborhood? Please vote on BillOReilly.com.

Wednesday night we heard a joke made by Santa that said he was happy, Santa was happy, because he knew where all the naughty boys and girls lived. Well, 57 percent of you say Santa is a pinhead for telling that joke; 43 percent enjoyed the levity and think he's a patriot.


