By Bill O'Reilly
It is amazing what has happened to Newsweek magazine. A once-proud franchise, it has devolved into a troubled, far-left publication that will soon be sold.
Click here to watch "Talking Points"!
The latest example of politics trumping news is a website article written by David Graham, a 24-year-old who says he is a reporter. Mr. Graham's article for Newsweek says that the Black Panther story, whereby the Justice Department declined to prosecute allegations of voter intimidation, is a trumped up attempt by conservatives to embarrass the Obama administration.
He begins his article by saying: "As voter intimidation exercises go, it wasn't much … It seemed like the sort of incident that happens at dozens of polling places every election day, then quietly recedes."
So let me get this straight, Mr. Graham. Black Panthers holding clubs appear at dozens of polling places every election day in this country? Are you kidding me? I guess not.
Mr. Graham goes on to say: "Right-wing bloggers can't get enough of the story, and it's starting to make it into the mainstream press … So how did the incident become a replay of the ACORN scandal? … But as in the ACORN case, the scandal is minimal (much of the ACORN hit has been discredited) and the allegations against Obama flimsy."
Somebody please tell Mr. Graham that there have been at least 30 convictions of ACORN employees doing illegal things. Thirty.
Also, allegations against Obama? I haven't heard any allegations against the president in the Black Panther case. It all centers on Attorney General Eric Holder.
Two things: First, this young guy is apparently writing a commentary, not a news story, but it isn't labeled that way, about the Black Panther case. Does anyone at Newsweek realize that? And he is grossly distorting the situation.
Also, Mr. Graham injects race: "The star witness in the case against the [New Black Panther Party], Bartle Bull, wasn't exactly impartial. The white, former Robert F. Kennedy aide … had been an outspoken critic of Obama for some time … But things really blew open on July 6, when Bush Justice official J. Christian Adams, who is white, suggested that Justice's voting division avoided bringing cases where defendants were black and the plaintiffs were white."
So here we have Mr. Graham describing the color of people involved in the case. Why would Newsweek allow that unless they want to make the story a racial deal, which they apparently do.
Mr. Graham wraps up his article by saying: "Like the ACORN case, it's not about a real investigation; it's about staging an effective piece of political theater that hurts the Obama administration."
That is simply a journalistic atrocity. This 24-year-old kid should go back to school and learn his craft. He obviously doesn't know what he's doing.
And why would Newsweek assign him to an important story like this? Were there no high school seniors available? I mean, come on. This is a blatant political hatchet job penned by a so-called reporter.
The real story here is that Eric Holder will not explain the Panther situation. He's hiding under his desk, and Newsweek is covering for him.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Our pal James Carville is still railing against his own party because of the BP oil spill.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: People in the Interior Department that issue these things don't have the foggiest idea about life here. They don't have the foggiest idea about what's going on. They've got to do something about this, because the federal government is about to kill us.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
For his candor and looking out for the folks on the Gulf Coast, Mr. Carville may be a patriot.
On the pinhead front, actor Jude Law apparently had a good time recently.
Click here to see Jude Law singing karaoke!
Is Mr. Law a pinhead? You make the call.

