


BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Back of the Book" segment tonight: the "Culture Warriors." We begin with actress Jennifer Aniston, who told the press: "Women are realizing more and more, knowing that they don't have to settle with a man just to have a child."
Here now, Fox News analyst Margaret Hoover and "Fox & Friends" co-anchor Gretchen Carlson.
All right, Carlson, this is because she has a movie, Ms. Aniston, about women having babies without men, right? That's why she made this comment, correct?
GRETCHEN CARLSON, CO-HOST, "FOX & FRIENDS": No. This is because, in her private life, she's a 41-year-old single woman who's never been married and probably has not ruled out the chance of having her baby.
O'REILLY: Wasn't she married to Brad Pitt?
CARLSON: Well, yes. I'm sorry. She was married. But -- wow, O'Reilly on the culture.
O'REILLY: Yes, you know, I am -- I am a People magazine person.
MARGARET HOOVER, FOX NEWS ANALYST: Woo-hoo! All right!
O'REILLY: But I think that's unfair. I'm going to tell you that. You're making a determination about why she's doing something, but it was in the context of a movie.
HOOVER: That's correct.
O'REILLY: Right? Yes.
HOOVER: It's in the context of her brand-new movie that's coming out. This 41 -- suspiciously similar -- 41-year-old woman who wants to have her own baby.
O'REILLY: Artificial insemination, all that. That's why she made the comment.
HOOVER: And to have her -- and have her own baby. Yes. And the whole point is she's not necessarily advocating this for herself, although she does say she wants to have children. She hasn't indicated she's getting married. The thing is, yes, women can have their own kids and not have a husband or not have a partner.
O'REILLY: Right.
HOOVER: They're same sex.
O'REILLY: Right.
HOOVER: But why would you want to? Why would you want that?
O'REILLY: I want to be fair about this, because there have -- there are many -- there are millions of single mothers who do a great job raising their kids.
HOOVER: Do a great job.
O'REILLY: And they're abandoned and they're all kinds -- and they do. It's possible. But it's not optimum, and that's where Ms. Aniston makes her mistake. That she's throwing a message out to 12-year-olds and 13-year-olds, OK, that, hey, you don't need a guy. You don't need a dad. Dad, ah, you know. That's destructive to our society.
CARLSON: Because it's -- it's tough to be a parent. I know. I have two kids at home, and trust me, I'm glad every day that I have a husband to help me with the hard work of being a parent. However, here's the alarming statistic: 36 percent of all babies born in the U.S. now are born to single mothers.
O'REILLY: Yes. They don't -- right.
CARLSON: Thirty-six percent. But -- and young people, you're right. They do not have the cognitive ability...
O'REILLY: I don't like this trend.
CARLSON: ...to know the difference of a 40-year-old woman who's financially stable having a child...
O'REILLY: Yes.
CARLSON: ...and a 16-year-old girl.
O'REILLY: Aniston can hire a battery of people to help her, but she cannot hire a dad, OK? And Dads bring a psychology to children that is, in this society, I believe, underemphasized. I think men get hosed all day long in the parental arena.
HOOVER: Do you think they've earned it? Because I've got to tell you, of the 30 percent of single families, a full two-thirds of them -- no, I'm sorry, a full 80 percent of them are single families that are run by mothers, not fathers.
O'REILLY: And any man who leaves their children is not a man.
CARLSON: Well...
O'REILLY: OK? Let's make that perfectly clear. But the fathers who do try hard are underappreciated and diminished by people like Jennifer Aniston.
HOOVER: Well, I think Jennifer Aniston is simply making a point. I agree she's glamorizing single parenthood.
O'REILLY: Diminishing -- no.
HOOVER: She's glamorizing single parenthood, diminishing two-parent households.
O'REILLY: Diminishing the role of the dad.
CARLSON: She is. But we don't know if it's because she is that person...
O'REILLY: I don't think why it is. If she wants to explain it, she can get her butt right in here. All right, Jennifer?
HOOVER: With that kind of invitation, I'm sure she's on her way.
O'REILLY: OK. You know, I don't care, to tell you the truth.
Political kids. Now, this is an extension. Rudy Giuliani's daughter, 20 years old, Harvard student, picked up for shoplifting. Heartbreaking situation. She is the -- you know, was in a divorce. There she is. Awful. Governor of North Carolina, his daughter posed for bikini shots.
CARLSON: North Dakota.
HOOVER: North Dakota.
O'REILLY: North Dakota. I'm sorry. There she is. North Dakota.
CARLSON: South Dakota.
O'REILLY: No, it's North Dakota.
CARLSON: She's actually a model.
O'REILLY: She's a model and this and that. So here is the question, Hoover. Does -- do children of famous people, whether they be in show business or political things, doing bad things reflect back on the famous person?
HOOVER: They -- the only reason they're making news is because of the famous person.
O'REILLY: That's true.
HOOVER: Of course they reflect on the famous person. It actually matters, I think, how the famous person handles the brouhaha. I think the swimming suit thing is not a brouhaha. He's got a beautiful daughter who's a model. Scott Brown also posed for a centerfold. Scott Brown's daughters, also wearing bikinis. I don't think a big deal.
O'REILLY: OK. So no big deal on the North Dakota thing.
HOOVER: The shoplifting thing, you know, it's an opportunity. Look, Rudy, it doesn't seem, is running for any high offices any more. So maybe it doesn't...
CARLSON: ...the political point.
O'REILLY: Do you think, though...
HOOVER: But I agree that it depends on how the politician handles it.
O'REILLY: OK. But wait, wait, wait. Here's the key question. We only have 90 seconds. So I'm going to go with Carlson, you first. Do you think the American people hold it against politicians whose children get into trouble? Yes or no?
CARLSON: I do, yes. Initially.
O'REILLY: You think they do?
CARLSON: I do.
O'REILLY: Because Al Gore's son has been in trouble.
CARLSON: Right. But I want to make the point that all good parents sometimes have bad children.
O'REILLY: So you bet -- there's no guarantee.
CARLSON: We're missing the political point of this North Dakota situation, OK? And that is that, with Republican politicians, when their children pose in a bikini...
O'REILLY: Yes, sure, family values, all that, they ram it down their throat.
CARLSON: There's a misnomer in our society that conservative women, especially, can't be sexual.
O'REILLY: All right. Look at Sarah Palin. There's the best example. Do you believe that Americans hold it against politicians whose children get into trouble?
HOOVER: Not necessarily. I think Americans are looking for like a human element in their politicians. And they all understand, look, they've got kids who do bad things, too.
O'REILLY: All right. So you think they're there. The public is that mature not to assign that blame.
All right, ladies. The "Culture Warriors," everyone. Thanks very much.


