


BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Personal Story" segment tonight, we wrap up our extensive conversation with Donald Trump, who's considering running for president on the GOP side. If you missed any of our interview this week, you can watch it all in its entirety, uncut, on BillOReilly.com. Good thing to check out over the weekend. We begin tonight with Afghanistan.
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

O'REILLY: Afghanistan. Do you pull out of Afghanistan and let the Taliban take over?
DONALD TRUMP, REAL ESTATE MOGUL: I don't know that Afghanistan is much -- as much of a problem as Pakistan, because everyone is telling me they're all in Pakistan; they're not in Afghanistan.

O'REILLY: But they're going to come back.
TRUMP: Well, they may. I mean, they may. That's another thing, Pakistan. If Usama bin Laden is in Pakistan, why are we paying them hundreds of billions of dollars a year? Now what I would say, "Don't get scared. I want to get along, fellows. I love you. Let's go have a drink. But you're not getting money. We want Usama bin Laden. Because if you don't give us Usama bin Laden, we're just not giving you hundreds of billions of dollars."
O'REILLY: Listen, I've been calling for tougher in Pakistan…

TRUMP: You know what's going to happen? You have a 6'6" Arab, 6'6", who's on a dialysis machine, supposedly. And we can't find him? Now, if you tell me that the leaders of Pakistan don't know where a 6'6" guy is standing, you're wrong, OK? You're wrong.

O'REILLY: We know where he is.

TRUMP: Now what we say -- well, you don't know and I don't know. I wish I did.

O'REILLY: North Waziristan is what the CIA says.

TRUMP: You know what? Well, I hope you're right. But I'm sure if you said that, he's gone by now because, you know, he's a cunning character.
O'REILLY: Yes.
TRUMP: But here's what's not so cunning. We pay hundreds of billions of dollars a year to Pakistan, and if we said to them, "Sorry, folks, we can't do it. You have to give us Usama bin Laden." You know what? He'll be standing on the White House doorstep very quickly.
O'REILLY: But what I'm getting from you...

TRUMP: We don't have anybody that even thinks this way.
O'REILLY: OK. What I'm getting from you, though, is you would withdraw U.S. troops out of Afghanistan?
TRUMP: Yes, I would.

O'REILLY: OK. And then the Taliban comes back, because they would, and they re-establish.
TRUMP: Well, they're going to come back anyway because they're really in Pakistan.
O'REILLY: OK.
TRUMP: Are you a warmonger? Do you want to attack Pakistan?
O'REILLY: That's a short drive. All right. This is serious. So they come back, and they reconstitute the Taliban government. Al Qaeda has the sanctuaries it has before. Then you're going to have to go back and take care of him anyway.
TRUMP: I don't believe too much in the soldier concept, other than I believe in air power. You're sort of seeing that over in Libya. You can knock the hell out of them without losing soldiers and losing lives...
O'REILLY: You kill a lot of civilians though.
TRUMP: ... and arms and legs. Well, not necessarily if you have good intelligence. You know, intelligence is the thing that this country is lacking, especially from its leadership.
O'REILLY: Afghanistan, you're out?
TRUMP: Look. I am the strongest military person, and if I have Iran in one, I would be the strongest military president ever. I believe in having -- I would not be cutting the budget. I'd be coming out with the best weapons ever, all right? But with Afghanistan, I want to build our country. You know, in Afghanistan, they build a school. They blow up the school. They blow up the road. We then start all over again. And in New Orleans and in Alabama, we can't build schools.
O'REILLY: All right. Now, final question: Do you have any idea what you're getting into if you do run for president? You're going to have to go to Iowa and New Hampshire in the winter.
TRUMP: I love the people in Iowa. I love the people in New Hampshire.
O'REILLY: Do you know where Iowa is?
TRUMP: Absolutely.

O'REILLY: There's no golf courses.

TRUMP: I know. I almost bought one in Iowa actually.

O'REILLY: Of course. So you're willing to slog it through?
TRUMP: Yes.
O'REILLY: You're wearing -- wear the earmuffs, go up to New Hampshire?
TRUMP: Is that different than Mar-a-Lago?
O'REILLY: Yes, it's different.
TRUMP: Would you say in Palm Beach? OK. But you know what? I love this country. If I can do something to help this country -- and when I see the gross incompetence that we have running this country, I cannot believe it, OK? I cannot believe it.
O'REILLY: Who could be your vice president? Who could be -- who?
TRUMP: I don't want to talk about a vice president. It's so far off. But there are a lot of people.
O'REILLY: What am I going to get in your cabinet?
TRUMP: You'd be great.
O'REILLY: Where am I going? I'm not going to be VP.
TRUMP: I think you're starting to be too soft to be secretary of Defense.
O'REILLY: Ooh! Yes, compared to you, Attila. I mean, you're going to be sweeping across...
TRUMP: You know the funny thing, though?
O'REILLY: I might be a moderating influence.

TRUMP: You know what the funny thing is? Attila would probably have a lot less warfare than the wars we have right now because they would respect Attila, and they're not respecting what you have right now.
O'REILLY: And he might be a good campaign slogan. "I'm not Attila, but I'm close." How about that on the bumper sticker?
TRUMP: You know what? I'm not Attila. I have a big heart. I'm going to take care of people. I'm going to make sure that this country comes first. We don't come first. We don't come tenth. We take care of everyone else but our own, and that's going to change.
(END VIDEOTAPE)

O'REILLY: All right. Mr. Trump would also like to you know that his program, "The Celebrity Apprentice," is on Sunday evenings and is doing very well.


