
By Bill O'Reilly
Last night I was walking over to the White House for the annual media party there. All of a sudden some guy runs up behind me screaming, comes out of the rain, he doesn't identify himself.
I was with my assistant from Fox News and we were startled. I told the guy to get lost but he came closer and closer armed with a cell phone camera. When he was about a foot away, I turned to shield myself and my assistant with an umbrella. At this point we were just a few feet away from the White House gate.
The Secret Service stopped the man and we find out that he is an occupy protester. I then asked the service to call the D.C. police because I thought the guy was out of control. The police arrive, discussions take place, but there is no criminal statute in Washington unless a person actually touches you, which the guy did not.
Now, this man could have had a knife. I didn't know what he was going to do. I didn't know who he was. But, in the District of Columbia, I couldn't stop him. I mean, I felt like the Penguin in "The Batman" show. Remember that Burgess Meredith shielding myself with an umbrella. And I'm lucky I had it. Otherwise I might have punched the guy and I would have been arrested.
Ironically a few nights ago I told you bad things were going to happen because these occupy protesters are becoming increasingly aggressive. But I never thought it was going to happen to me. However, these anarchists are now everywhere.
Here is what happened to Chris Christie yesterday.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: MIC CHECK. Chris Christie and Mitt Romney
PEOPLE: Chris Christie and Mitt Romney.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are the corporate one percent...
CHRIS CHISTIE (R), GOVERNOR NEW JERSEY: Oh, yes. You are so angry, aren't you? So angry. So terrible. Hey, listen, you know what? We're used to dealing with jokers like this in New Jersey all the time. Don't you worry about it.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: But we do have to worry about it because some of these people are now intruding on businesses and individual American citizens. I was lucky last night. I held my temper. I'm sure the guy wanted me to hit him. The thing is if the occupier had identified himself, I would have talked to him. In fact, I'd put him on "The Factor."
But running at somebody in the dark screaming is in my opinion a threatening situation and there ought to be a law. And that's "The Memo."
"Pinheads & Patriots."
Recently, the actress Hilary Swank was paid for appearing at a birthday party for the brutal Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov. Swank, an Oscar winner, now regrets that.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HILARY SWANK, ACTRESS: Shame on me. You know, the bottom line is I should know where I'm going, and I should do better research.
JAY LENO, HOST, NBC'S "THE TONIGHT SHOW WITH JAY LENO": Right. Right.
SWANK: And I definitely can guarantee I won't go anywhere ever again without doing full research.
LENO: Yes. President Ahmadinejad, here you go. You don't want to do that, no. No, no.
SWANK: No.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right. For wising up, Hilary Swank is a patriot.

