

By Bill O'Reilly

There is no movement in Wisconsin as the union stalemate goes into its fourth week, and Americans remain divided over whether Gov. Scott Walker is right in trying to diminish union power or the workers are correct in trying to maintain their status.

Enter far-left bomb-thrower Michael Moore, who traveled to Wisconsin over the weekend:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

MICHAEL MOORE, FILMMAKER/LIBERAL ACTIVIST: Around midnight, I thought I would write up a little blog of something I wanted to say about what was going on here, especially after having just listened to Bill O'Reilly and Sarah Palin. It was inspirational. And so about midnight I started writing this and around 2:00 a.m. I read it back to myself and I thought, you know, you should just go to the airport and get on a plane and go to Madison, Wisconsin, and read this to them.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

So the question is: Does Mr. Moore help or hurt the union cause in the court of public opinion?

"Talking Points" believes that independent Americans see Moore's presence as evidence that union demonstrators are not mainstream, especially when Moore says stuff like this:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

MOORE: America is not broke. Not by a long shot. Wisconsin is not broke. It's one of the three biggest lies of the last decade.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

If facts mean anything, Moore is not telling the truth. The nation owes more than $14 trillion, and Wisconsin has a $3.6 billion shortfall.

And then there's the public money spent factor. According to the Center for Public Integrity, the National Education Association, a teachers union, has 31 people who make more than $200,000 a year in pay and benefits. The union president, Dennis Van Roekel, makes close to $400,000 a year. And in the last election cycle, the NEA donated close to $4 million to political campaigns; 98 percent of the money went to Democrats.

The American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees has 10 people making more than $200,000 a year. Its president, Gerald McEntee, was paid close to $500,000 in 2009. In the past two years, that union has donated $2.3 million to Democrats, just $13,000 to the Republicans, a joke.

Over the weekend, The New York Times reported that New York state is paying an incredible 10 times more in state union pensions than it did 10 years ago. In addition, New York state employees pay half of what private employees pay into their pensions.

There is no question that public union benefits are breaking the bank. So in this very intense controversy, there is truth and it is grizzly.

No question American workers need protection. But the public unions have succeeded in buying politicians who have rigged the game by giving the unions sweetheart contracts. Now all Americans are suffering because of higher taxes and cuts in services.

That is the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.

And that's "The Memo."

Pinheads & Patriots

In addition to all his other problems, Charlie Sheen has now become an object of derision.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BILL HADER, CAST MEMBER, "SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE": Welcome to "Duh, Winning," the show for people who are tired of apologizing for their bitching, gnarly rock star lives and ready to celebrate being highly evolved warlocks.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

Poor warlocks can't get a break. So is that too much? Are the writers on "Saturday Night Live" pinheads or are they patriots for being right on? Please vote on BillOReilly.com.

On Friday we showed you this:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

ELLEN DEGENERES, HOST, "THE ELLEN DEGENERES SHOW": Hey, Jon, how's it going?

JON CRYER, ACTOR: "Ellen DeGeneres Show." Oh tickets, go to EllenTV.com. OK. Thanks.

DEGENERES: Messages?

CRYER: Oh, yes, just one.

DEGENERES: You really do good work. You do the work of two and a half men.

CRYER: You don't have to say that every time you pick up your messages.

DEGENERES: OK. Thanks for being here. I appreciate it.

CRYER: I needed the work. "Ellen DeGeneres Show."

(END VIDEO CLIP)

And the results are in: 60 percent believe Jon Cryer is a patriot for that bit; 40 percent say he is a pinhead.


