

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Back of the Book" segment tonight: Vice President Biden is now in Japan after finishing up his visit to China. And he ended that visit with a controversial statement about China's one-child mandate.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOE BIDEN, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Your policy has been one which I fully understand -- I'm not second-guessing -- of one child per family. The result being that you're in a position where one wage earner will be taking care of four retired people. Not sustainable.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Here's what Biden is talking about. Because China forces -- forces -- families to have just one child, there will not be enough wage earners to provide government assistance to the sick and elderly. So the vice president thinks the policy is bad on those grounds. But by saying he understands the one-child policy, which is totalitarianism at its height, Mr. Biden has left himself open to severe criticism.
Joining us now from Washington, Fox News analyst Charles Krauthammer, who is outside because he just escaped death in the earthquake that happened in Virginia, right? Just got out of there.
CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I have escaped with my life and with the clothes on my back.
O'REILLY: You're all right, though, Charles. You're not -- nothing...

KRAUTHAMMER: No, I'm all right.
O'REILLY: We don't want to make light of this. A lot of...
KRAUTHAMMER: It was my first earthquake, and I enjoyed it.

O'REILLY: Right. We don't want to make light of it because, you know, there was some damage and this and that. But the earthquake was in Virginia, and it just rippled through a lot of places, and the actual elevators in the Fox News building don't work, so that's why Charles is sitting out in the street.
KRAUTHAMMER: That's right. That's why I'm outside on a traffic island.
O'REILLY: There you go. All right. So, Vice President Biden is on an island now of his own making. You know, with a guy with that much experience and he knows, you know, you don't say, "Hey, look, I understand why you force families not to have any more than one kid," do you?
KRAUTHAMMER: The vice president of the United States should never say about a policy as immoral as that "I understand." This is one of the failings of this administration. Yes, we cannot do anything about China's one-child policy. We cannot unilaterally change the regime in Syria and Iran. But this administration simply refuses to speak out on the basic fundamental moral issues on which all Americans are united. It is a scandal to say, "We understand."
The number of forced abortions in China as a result of this, the misery and essentially the torture that people have felt having to destroy a child, even infanticide, as a result of this is simply outrageous. And for a vice president to say he understands is essentially to negate, even to betray our values.
O'REILLY: Now, what happens to a Chinese family that defies the ban and has more than one child? Do they get put in a gulag or what happens to them? Do you know?
KRAUTHAMMER: No. I think it varies from town to town, village to village. It varies with the humanity and the leniency of the communist official. But essentially you are in the control of the communist party official in your town, in your village. And if they decide you have to have an abortion, you have an abortion. Or you'll have a child -- or you'll have a child in secret. Or you'll give a child away. Or you'll do an abortion on your own, preemptively.
Look, India tried this and that's a democracy. Many, many years ago, under Indira Gandhi. And the people in the democracy spoke up and said no, and ultimately it was cancelled.
But in China, which is a dictatorship and we forget it because it's also capitalist, but it's a communist dictatorship. There is no saying no.
And the other disaster that's going to happen because in China a male child is valued over a female child, a lot of the infanticide and the abortions have been for girls. And as a result, there are going to be tens of millions of unmarried, unmarriageable men on the loose essentially in China in the next generation, which will be a huge problem for China and its surroundings.
But aside from the policy issue is the moral issue. And this administration refuses to speak out on the fundamental moral issues when it counts.

O'REILLY: It's pretty outrageous if you think about what the Chinese government puts their people through, not only in this area but other areas as well.
Real quick, we have about a minute. Col. Peters gave President Obama a B+ on Libya. Karl Rove gave him a B-. You give him?
KRAUTHAMMER: Well, you've got to give him an incomplete because the easy part is the toppling of the regime. Remember, we brought down the regime in Afghanistan in 63 days. That was the easy part. The problem was the next nine years. We brought down Saddam in three weeks. Then came the five years to stabilize Iraq.
Right now we are in a position where we have a fractured opposition. The rebels are divided by tribe, by ideology, by region, and we have to have something on the ground. I think we need to have a NATO police force on the ground because if we do not exert influence through that instrument, Libya could become a disaster, a Somalia, or even worse, an Al Qaeda state.
O'REILLY: All right. But in just removing Qaddafi, you would give Obama a...?
KRAUTHAMMER: I give him a B+ on removing Qaddafi, but that is stage one. And the big issue, as we discovered in Afghanistan and Iraq, the big issue always is what's in stage two.
O'REILLY: The follow-up, sure. All right, Charles. Thanks, as always. We appreciate it.


