
By Bill O'Reilly
Last night we discussed the fact that many American voters have no idea what's going on yet their vote counts as much as my vote or your vote. Presidential candidates bank on that that they can razzle-dazzle the electorate with rhetoric.
Certainly President Obama would much rather talk about his vision for the country rather than what's happened economically the last three years.
Enter Jane Fonda like a gift from God. Miss Fonda made my point about uninformed voters on CNN.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PIERS MORGAN, CNN HOST: When you look at the Republican race and you see these debates and all the candidates and so on. What do you make of the intellectual level of those debates? Who impresses you and who scares you?
JANE FONDA, ACTRESS: They all scare me, frankly. I get depressed and scared when I look at the Republican debates.
MORGAN: Even... I mean, even someone like a Newt Gingrich or a Mitt Romney? Do they scare you?
FONDA: I'm worried about anybody getting elected to office who says we have to do away with or privatize Social Security. We have to reduce medical health insurance. We have to not raise taxes. I don't think that we can get out -- and oh there is no problem with the environment. You know, this is all made up by the left.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right, let's take Ms. Fonda's concerns one by one. No presidential candidate wants to do away with Social Security. And those who suggest privatizing would give Americans the options to do that. There would be no force used as there is in Obama care.
Ms. Fonda apparently wants her taxes raised and that's fine. But once again she can pay as much as she likes to the feds right now.
Then there is reducing health care costs. A nice goal, I hope it happens. But there's absolutely no evidence it will. My health insurance premiums have drastically increased since ObamaCare has passed and I bet yours have to.
Finally, global warming, Jane wants it to stop right now. But apparently she missed the chaos in Durbin, South Africa last week where once again nothing was done about global warming on the international level. Things are so bad even Canada is pulling out of the Kyoto Treaty.
Now I think most Americans want a clean environment and would gladly embrace green energy if it were viable if we could afford it.
Now, I'm just not picking on Jane Fonda though she is the poster girl for American liberalism. But Ms. Fonda just doesn't know very much, with all due respect. She'd last about 30 seconds on this broadcast. We would have to have EMS standing by.
However, she is a true believer. No matter what the evidence is. When Porter Berry confronted her about communists killing millions in Southeast Asia after America pulled out of Vietnam. She wouldn't blame the communist killers. She said it was the USA's fault that happened. That is called fanaticism and narcissism.
So next year in the presidential vote there are people who simply will not make their decisions based on issues and the truth. And that is not a good thing.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots.
In Tallahassee, Florida, Darrell (ph) and Courtney Widdis (ph) have been very busy decorating.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
(MUSIC)
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: How'd you like to live next to that?
Now, while some people think it's overdone, there's a reason. The Widdises (ph) want to bring attention to the Semper Fi Fund, which helps the families of American troops that have been killed in action. You can go to SemperFiFund.org for information.

