

This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.


BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Miller Time" segment tonight: lots to talk
about, so let's bring in the sage of Southern California, who joins us
now from Los Angeles. All right, Miller, State of the Union, go.
DENNIS MILLER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, before we start, what the
hell was Al Sharpton even talking about? That sounded like Professor
Irwin Corey explaining the infield fly rule. And you know, he's going
to get carpal tunnel from almost flipping the race card on you that
many times in one interview. You could see my man just about to lay it
on you, then he'd pull back for a second. That's a minefield, Billy.
Just as a "Factor" view, can I tell you I get nothing out of that. Dr.
King would have turned that off and watched "Punked" on MTV.
Anyway, back to the State of the Union. I did not watch it. If I want
to see a roomful of big asses, I'll watch the Kardashian show. Although
the clips I did see today, it was nice just not to have Contessa
Twitchie McMagpie over the president's left shoulder so I could focus
on some of this. I thought Boehner held up pretty good, and Obama was
trying to do, you know, a little Bermuda onion cutting under his eyes,
playing patches for him, turning around and doing scenes from "Terms of
Endearment."
O'REILLY: He almost made him cry. Almost. He almost broke down.
MILLER: Yes, but he held onto -- he held onto his blanky.

O'REILLY: Right.
MILLER: Boehner had his blanky, and he held onto it. Hey, and look at
-- show Biden, Billy. Put Biden up. They told Biden, listen, everybody
thinks you are a doofus. Just sit there and don't move. So now he's to
the point where he looks like that dog, Ashley Whippet, sitting in a
park, eyeing the crowd, waiting for somebody to throw a Frisbee he can
go fetch. What's he on point over there?
O'REILLY: I don't know. I thought he looked very happy last night, the
vice president. You know, you compare him to how Dick Cheney looked,
Dick never really looked happy. But Mr. Biden -- well, he's not happy
there. Now, he's not paying attention. Whenever they focused on him, he
looked happy. Now, what about winning the future, Miller? Are you --
are you down with winning the future? Are you onboard with that?
MILLER: You know, I don't really listen to -- the first 20 times I saw
the Barack speech, I thought it was -- I didn't agree with him but I
liked it. I mean, I thought, wow, what a great orator. I really don't
watch him anymore, Billy. But I can pretty much comment on it by not
watching it.
All I needed to see this week was the grownups are taking back over. He
whacked the imperious doofus, Gibbs. And he brings in Daly. Daly's
going to run the show. Daly brought him in, he said, "Listen, if you
want to get re-elected, here's three things you've got to do. You've
got to get your head out of the clouds. They don't believe in global
warming. You've got to throw an eco-Mormon -- moron out the door, and
that climate chick two doors down, she's got to go." All right, she's
gone.
Secondly, he comes in and says, "They don't like what you're doing.
They like Reagan. You've got to go out there and become like Reagan,
and you've got to hide everything you really want to do because they're
not buying what you want to do."
And thirdly he said, "You've got to get back into bed with big
business. And if that means wearing a Mr. Monopoly monocle for the next
couple of years, you've got to do it, because you're not going to get
rehired again if you look like a buzz-kill about the engine that runs
this country. In other words, Barack, and I say this as a Chicago guy
to you, if you want to come back for another four and protect the
mothership nest egg that is health care, you've got to act like you're
not you anymore, because they're not going to have you back unless you
change to a completely different guy."
O'REILLY: Now, I like that analysis. I think that's good. I didn't see
him changing into a different guy though last night. I saw the same
stuff, but it was kind of disguised. It's investing rather than
spending. And it's like, well, yes, we can. Yes, we can. Hope and
change has turned into yes, we can now. We can beat the Chinese, and
we'll be smarter than the Korean kids. And there's no way that's going
to happen, by the way. So I don't know if he's a -- Daly's telling him
the right stuff, but I don't know if he can do it.

MILLER: Now, he's not a changed man at all. I'm saying all he has to do
is tweak it a half a dial to the right, and they'll buy it like they
did when he was running.

O'REILLY: He's a likeable guy.
All right. Academy Awards, "True Grit" and this British picture, right,
where they teach the king not to stutter? That's the one? I didn't see
it, but...

MILLER: It was a lovely -- it was a touching film. I think Firth will
win for the Oscar thing. I think "The Social Network" will probably
win, although "Toy Story 3" I thought was a beautiful film. For the
actors thing, I think it's probably Annette Bening's time. For the
under card, I'd go with the two people from "The Fighter," Bale and
that Leo lady. They were great. And director, I don't know -- I don't
know who they give it to over there.
But I will say this. I like James Franco. I think he's going to be a
hell of a host, Billy. I don't know if you know this about Franco, but
this is a guy who's nominated for an Oscar, and he is still on a soap
opera called "General Hospital."

O'REILLY: I did not know that. Didn't he -- didn't he gnaw his arm off
or something, this guy Franco? Didn't he cut his arm off? Did he do
that on "General Hospital" or in the movie?

MILLER: No, in the movie.
O'REILLY: He should have done it on "General Hospital" because he would
have been in the hospital, and he could have got sewn up.
MILLER: In "General Hospital," he's just showing that he doesn't take this all that seriously. I dig the kid.

O'REILLY: OK. Miller digs the cat.
MILLER: By the way, Billy.
O'REILLY: Yes.

MILLER: The reason I can't take the awards seriously this year, the
best thing I saw all year was a documentary called "Waiting for
Superman" about the corruption of the public education system in this
country.
O'REILLY: Yes, that was terrible…
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: That should have been nominated like that, but it goes against liberal orthodoxy, so they threw it out the window.
MILLER: Exactly. That will show you what a rigged game it is. They should be ashamed that it's not in there.
O'REILLY: You and I should have been nominated for many, many awards, but we haven't been. I can't -- it's unbelievable.
MILLER: Billy, I think of you as Austin Powers and I'm a Mini Officer O'Reilly.
O'REILLY: Great. One million dollars.
OK. Super Bowl, who's going to -- who's going to win? You're a
Pittsburgh guy. Who's going to win? I know you're rooting for them.
MILLER: I like "The Social Network." No, listen, I like -- I think the
Steelers are going to win because I was raised there. But I'll tell you
this: If Aaron Rodgers plays like he did against the Atlanta Falcons,
they're winning the game.
O'REILLY: I think Green Bay has got it. I think Green Bay is going to
get to Big Ben, the defense is going to get to him, and that will be
the difference in the game. 28-17, Green Bay.
MILLER: All right. We've got a steak dinner on that because I'm going with the Steelers.
O'REILLY: All right.
MILLER: But if Rodgers plays that Falcons game, yes, they win.
O'REILLY: OK. Dennis Miller, everyone.
Content and Programming Copyright 2011 Fox News Network, Inc. Copyright
2011 Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United
States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed,
transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior
written permission of Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any
trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.

