


BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Personal Story" segment tonight: As you may know, Governor Mike Huckabee has put together a series of educational videos, the newest one on 9/11.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No!
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Who would do something like this?

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Al Qaeda is led by Usama bin Laden.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The time for jihad is upon us. Death to the Americans.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Obviously the DVD is directed toward children. Well, the far left doesn't like them at all. They are featuring people who are slamming Governor Huckabee.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JIM RICHES, RETIRED FDNY DEPUTY CHIEF: I think he has no shame at all. It's like blood money. I saw this video. I mean, going out there and trying to make money off the bodies of dead people. I mean, I saw the video. The video is -- it should be done by educators and child psychiatrists, not done by politicians.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, that man, Jim Riches, is a retired New York City deputy fire chief whose son, also a firefighter, was killed on 9/11.
Joining us now from Little Rock, Arkansas, is Governor Huckabee. So, were you surprised about the reaction, the negative reaction on the left about these DVDs?
MIKE HUCKABEE, HOST, "HUCKABEE": Well, Bill, nothing surprises me any more when we're talking about networks like "BSNBC" and others who go after conservatives. You know, I'm disappointed in that this fireman's son was exploited because my own father was a firefighter, for heaven's sakes. But, you know, the fact is these are videos that are written by a panel of experts, then checked out by historians and teachers. I don't write these things. But this is not the only one. There's up to 75 that are planned. There are several that will come out each month, and it's to take kids through American history in a positive way.
Interestingly enough though, Bill, 91 percent of liberals who have actually watched them say they liked them and would get them for their kids. So, you know, it's, again, very frustrating that this network, who has fewer viewers than you have people going to the bathroom during a break, go after us like this. And the real...
O'REILLY: Well, what's the "why" behind it? See, this -- I saw the video, and there was nothing offensive about the video.
HUCKABEE: Well, I can tell you, Bill. I can tell you.
O'REILLY: Let me just articulate one more thing.
HUCKABEE: OK.
O'REILLY: I saw the video. I watched the video. And I'm going, "What is bothering the far left about it?" Riches, the guy, we checked him out. He's not a loon. He's not associated with any group.
HUCKABEE: No. He's a good man.
O'REILLY: He looks like he's annoyed that you may be making money from this exposition. It looks like that's his beef.
HUCKABEE: Well...

O'REILLY: Let's address them both.

HUCKABEE: OK.

O'REILLY: Let's take the far left first.
HUCKABEE: First of all...

O'REILLY: Go ahead.
HUCKABEE: Well, I'm just going to say that the far left loves to attack somebody for their character and their intent because they really can't argue on the point of content. I mean, the reason the Tea Party is -- Tea Party people are called terrorists and thugs and racists is because most people agree with the idea that we ought to be spending less money. The reason that all the people who support traditional marriage are called homophobes is because it's easier to call people names than it is to discuss whether or not it's really that outrageous to believe that marriage still means a man and a woman.
And so instead of attacking or even discussing the content of the videos and why they exist, because kids don't know anything about history -- only 25 percent of high school seniors surveyed knew who the first president was, for heaven's sakes. Instead of discussing that, they just make an attack. And the irony is Michael Moore made $222 million off of "Fahrenheit 9/11." I don't remember anybody on that network screaming about blood money or talking about the profiteering. This is like saying that Steven Spielberg was cashing in on World War II or the Holocaust because he made "Private Ryan" and "Schindler's List." I mean, that's absurd.

O'REILLY: OK, do you think though -- see, it took me by surprise, because you now are out of the presidential sweepstakes.
HUCKABEE: Yes.
O'REILLY: You're a Fox News host.

HUCKABEE: There you go.
O'REILLY: Yes, but, you know, come on. Why -- why would they spend so much time on this? Yes, if they want to take a cheap shot at you, fine. But it's almost like -- and I hate to use the word -- a jihad against you. And I'm not -- I'm saying...
HUCKABEE: Yes.
O'REILLY: What is it? Why are they bothering with Huckabee?
HUCKABEE: You know, I don't care that they're attacking me. I do care that they are attacking the animated series for kids because I think it's valid.
O'REILLY: Yes. Well, they probably don't like the basic message that America is a good country. That's probably what it comes down to.
HUCKABEE: Yes. I think that's a lot of it. And the real issue for us is that they never made contact and tried to get another part of the story.
O'REILLY: They'll never do that. Are you kidding me? They never do that. It's always propaganda. Come on. Now, what about the issue that Riches is concerned about, that there is money being made off 9/11 where so many people suffer?
HUCKABEE: Well, again, Bill, the very host that originally attacked and that had Riches on his show had done a series on 9/11. And I'm sure he got paid for it. I'm sure they ran ads in it, as will happen. Nine-eleven, this particular animated video is just one of dozens that are being produced, and uniquely, a portion of the profits from this one will go to 9/11 charities. I'm doubtful that what that host did on the other network that I'm not going to mention any more, I'm doubtful that the profits from anything that he did about 9/11, in fact, went. I don't know. But he certainly hasn't said it. I just know they didn't make any contact.

O'REILLY: OK, so you are donating some profits to the 9/11 families.
HUCKABEE: Yes.
O'REILLY: This is actually helping you because it brings the DVDs to the attention of millions of people who might not know about them. So, it does work in your favor as well. Governor, thanks very much, as always. Nice to see you.

HUCKABEE: Nice to see you, Bill.



