
By Bill O'Reilly
On Tuesday, about 1,000 protesters gathered in Oakland, California, and major concerns began to arise. There was a rat problem, vandalism, fights, and fire hazards. Medical responders were denied access to the protest site on two occasions.
So the city of Oakland decided to move the protesters and police did that. But later on that day some of the occupiers tried to return to the plaza outside city hall. Police told them they could not return and violence broke out. At least 200 arrests were made.
Scores of people injured, including a number of police officers. Property was destroyed. And the cops used tear gas and beaten bag rounds to disperse the surging protesters.
Oakland Police Chief Howard Jordan:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HOWARD JORDAN, OAKLAND POLICE CHIEF: Our job is to protect life and property and make sure that the citizens of Oakland are safe. Our officers were assaulted with bottles, rocks, and had hazardous materials thrown at them.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Enter the radical MoveOn organization, which is funding some of the occupiers. It took just hours for them to produce this video.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: For weeks, "Occupy Oakland" participants have peacefully exercised their First Amendment rights to protest the Wall Street greed that has left our economy in shambles.
On October 25th, police shamefully, recklessly, brutally tried to silence them. Is this your city? Stop the police brutality and protect the rights of the citizens of Oakland to peacefully assemble.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Now it's obvious that MoveOn was ready to exploit any violence so they could portray the USA as a police state. That is part two of the "Occupy" movement: First demonize capitalism, and tell the world how unfair the U.S. economic system is and then show the world the cops are fascist. Disgracefully, the mayor of Oakland, Jean Quan, caved in to the radical left.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JEAN QUAN, OAKLAND MAYOR: What I wanted to say to you tonight is how deeply saddened I am about the outcome on Tuesday. It's not what anyone hoped for. I understand it's my responsibility. And I want to apologize to everyone about what happened.
We have many poor immigrants. We have many people who go to bed hungry. And we are also a progressive city and as a long time civil rights activist and union organizer I want my city to support this movement.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Nice job Mayor, throwing your entire police department under the bus. That's what real leadership is all about.
Some liberal Americans continue to believe the "Occupy Wall Street" protesters have a valid beef and some may have. But these people are being exploited by powerful, radical organizations. They are being used in the hopes of embarrassing the U.S.A.
The "Occupy Wall Street" movement is not -- is not -- a spontaneous protest against economic inequality. It is a well thought-out campaign to bring down the infrastructure of this country to turn us into a western European type entitlement state.
That's what George Soros, MoveOn, the SEIU and many far-left journalists want. And they are using the protests to that end.
And that's "The Memo."
PINHEADS & PATRIOTS
As you know, there are a lot of strange things going on with the "Occupy Wall Street" protest. Earlier this week, the Muslim organization CAIR endorsed the movement. And now KKK guy David Duke is on the record.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DAVID DUKE, KU KLUX KLAN: I cheer the men and women on the streets condemning international banks that hold America hostage. These Wall Street banks are not a product of free enterprise. They are a product of crime.
I know many Americans who, after 50 years of hard work, have lost 50 percent or more of their savings in the market crash. This, while the Zionist owners of the predatory banks like Goldman Sachs made more shekels than ever.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
And of course, Duke hates Jews. That's what that's all about. He's a pinhead forever.

