

BILL O'REILLY, HOST: In the "Miller Time" segment tonight: There's a battle in the media over the "Occupy Wall Street" crowd. Many liberal press people sympathize with the protesters, but most conservative media types are appalled at the display. So where does the sage of Southern California stand? Dennis Miller joins us now from Los Angeles. All right, so, where do you stand on these people?
DENNIS MILLER: Well, I realize I'm no longer the biggest loser on Wall Street this year which, up to this point, my broker assures me I was. I were. No, I was.
Listen, it's like most kids, Billy. I think, you know, the kids in this group don't anger me. Some of the older losers I look at and go, oh, get on with it for God's sakes. But kids have always through the ages dedicated their lives to core beliefs that they are not wise enough to elaborate on. They're at the parapets, but they sort of (INAUDIBLE) the point. And, when you mix into the fact that we raised a generation that are a little narcissistic, you know what I mean, like no dodge ball, relativism in everything, everybody gets the same grades, nobody wins tug-of-wars, you've got a bunch of kids who were taught to be precious out there. And I don't know that they know how to deal with real hardship if there's not an app to deal with real hardship. So I think that's where it stands. I don't look at the kids there and go -- I would have probably been one of those kids.
O'REILLY: I want to ask you, is there any difference between those guys and the Woodstock people during the Vietnam war running around, any difference in the crews(inaudible)?
MILLER: Listen, we've lived, you know, the Woodstock generation grated a little more but they had better fashion. I would say that. But…
O'REILLY: Better headbands.
MILLER: Yes, the -- the hemp hoodies doesn't work for me, but I like that old Hendrix look. That was cool. If you want to break this thing up, Billy, overnight go down there and set up a jobs fair where you're offering jobs that start at an entry-level position that afternoon, not glamorous work, but decent work and not at minimum wage.
O'REILLY: But they've already said that -- we've already used clips of them saying they're not going to take the $7 an hour jobs.
MILLER: No, no, I don't mean minimum wage. I mean good, solid entry-level jobs.
O'REILLY: Look, every cab company in New York City is desperate for people who speak English. Did you ever take a cab in this city? You've got to -- you've got to speak Farsi if you want to go to the Bronx. They don't know. If you speak English, they want you in a cab. That's 50 grand. Yes, you've got to drive around and you've got to work. They don't want to do that.
MILLER: Thank God I'm fluent in Farsi. But if you opened up a job hunt there you'd see contrails heading away from that park.
O'REILLY: Yes, there's no way -- there's no way. All right. Herman Cain, and it's absolutely true, since Miller endorsed Herman Cain, he shot through the polls. You did it, Miller. You took him with you.
MILLER: Well, listen, I hope you don't think that I cast dispersions on Mitt Romney. I -- I dug Mitt Romney when I met him a few weeks ago. I think he'd be a great president. I just like Herman because he's a bit of an underdog right now, and I also dig his message.
O'REILLY: But your power -- the power that once you got behind…
MILLER: Yes.
O'REILLY: …Mr. Cain, his poll numbers shot up, his confidence level shot up. We ought to get him on "Bolder Fresher" Tour, Miller.
MILLER: Listen, what helps Herman Cain more than my endorsement is guys like Cornel West and, by the way for the uninitiated, if you want to find out who Dr. West is, Google "downside of tenure" and you'll find that, and Tavis Smiley and they -- you know, guys like that who don't dig him, Tavis works for public TV and I could only assume that he says what they wanted Juan Williams to say and Juan didn't say it. So, you know, when guys like that get on Herman, that makes me want to be more on Herman's side.
O'REILLY: Well, that's an interesting point because he's been attacked now so it draws more people into him who, you know, would be politically compatible with his thinking and they feel sorry for him and they support him. That's an interesting point.
MILLER: Listen, Harry Belafonte attacks him because he's broke for God's sakes.
O'REILLY: Harry's right.
MILLER: How much can that residual check on the "Day-O" song be? It's not even like the "Monster Mash" residual check, which comes around once a year.
O'REILLY: I love that song though, don't you?
MILLER: Oh, Billy, I can sing "Monster Mash" in Farsi. You want to hear it?
O'REILLY: Not "Monster Mash," I -- I like "Day-O."
MILLER: (SINGING).
O'REILLY: It's tough to get a whole album of that song, but I like it. All right, now Hank Williams, Jr., talking about creative artists, comes on "Fox and Friends" and he makes a comparison about President Obama and the Speaker of the House Boehner playing golf is like Hitler and something and then all hell breaks loose and he gets fired from ESPN. Now, Hank is mad at the "Fox and Friends" guys and has a song. Roll the tape.
(VIDEO CLIP)
HANK WILLIAMS, JR., MUSICIAN (SINGING): "Fox and Friends" want to put me down, ask for my opinion, then twist it all around. Supposed to be talking about my father's new CD. Well two can play that gotcha game, just wait and see. Don't tread on me.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: It was a live interview. How do you twist a live interview around? It wasn't edited. You said what you said. They gave you 15 chances to put -- to take it back or put it in perspective. Unbelievable.
MILLER: Listen, all I know is that is an Amadeus-like talent to come up with a song like that in a scant 48 hours. That's absolutely beautiful.
O'REILLY: It rivals "Day-O." I will admit that.
MILLER: Hank -- Hank, here's all that happened. ESPN stands for Extra Sensitive Pious Nebbishes. They're in the commerce business. You got near the commerce, you had to get whacked. It's not personal and, you know something, you should quit digging the grave now because Roger Ailes will forgive anything except for shooting in the tent. You just shot in the tent.
O'REILLY: But they didn't do anything. They didn't -- the "Fox and Friends" guys said, Hank, did you really mean that? Would you like to put it another way? You know, come on.
MILLER: This is -- this is another reason I like Herman Cain. Like he said, everybody should lighten up. And let me in closing explain the 9-9-9 thing real simply. The government comes to your door. They ask for more of your money and you say nein, nein, nein.
O'REILLY: A little German reference there from the sage of Southern California.
MILLER: German, Farsi, it's English I have trouble with.
O'REILLY: Dennis Miller, everybody. All right, he goes back to prison now. And just a quick update on the "Bolder Fresher" Tour where Miller and I confront you live and in person. Show in Orange County, California, at the Segerstrom theater sold out in three hours. So we're going to do a second show if Miller can hack it. Tickets on sale Friday. There are seven VIP tickets left for the first show.
Also, details on the big Mohegan Sun show, Saturday, October 29, as well as our appearances in Richmond, Virginia, and Atlantic City posted on BillOReilly.com. Hope to see you guys.



