

By Bill O'Reilly

The committed left is in a very dicey spot when it comes to analyzing how America is handling the Egyptian chaos.

President Obama and Secretary of State Clinton have both dealt with the dictator Mubarak for the past two years, as every American president has done for the past 30 years. So even though Mubarak is a villain and the far left despises him, they have to be careful about how they frame the issue.

Former ABC newsman Sam Donaldson said something very interesting on Sunday. He praised the anti-American Al Jazeera network for its Egyptian coverage:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

SAM DONALDSON, FORMER ABC NEWS ANCHOR: Thank you for what you're doing. People say Al Jazeera fanned the flames here by bringing the fact that democracy is in existence and that people are being suppressed. That's what we need. We need more communication in the world. It's not Al Jazeera's fault that…

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And they watched Tunisia…

DONALDSON: …that Mubarak is under a siege now.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

It may not be Al Jazeera's fault, but they have certainly contributed to rise in Arab anger.

Al Jazeera makes a living blaming most problems in the Middle East on the USA and Israel. And any Arab leader who supports America is barbequed on the network, while those who hate America are praised.

When the vicious pro-Iranian mullah al-Sadr returned to Iraq recently, Al Jazerra covered it live. Al-Sadr told the crowd: "Our common enemy: America, Israel, Britain. Repeat after me: No, no America. Are you afraid of America? No, no America."

And on and on and on.

Al Jazeera recently broadcast an interview with a former prisoner at Gitmo, Walid Hajj, who said: "The most common method to wear down the brothers was witchcraft ... there were of course Jews among the [staff of] the Guantanamo base, and they would set traps for the guys ...
witchcraft was used on most of the guys ... but by the grace of Allah ... they managed to withstand this."

"Talking Points" could provide hundreds of examples of anti-Semitism and "hate America" rhetoric displayed on Al Jazeera, the network Sam Donaldson admires.

And he's not alone. Here's what Brian Stelter wrote in The New York Times on Tuesday: "As recently as Friday, the conservative Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly branded Al Jazeera as 'anti-America.' … But that view has been largely drowned out by people like [Sam] Donaldson who have hoisted up Al Jazeera English for its protest coverage."

Totally absurd. Any fair-minded person who follows Al Jazeera knows it is anti-American and anti-Semitic. Only on the far left can it find acceptance.

One more quote from Al Jazeera. Arab author Ibrahim Alloush was featured saying: "The public must take action in the streets, and if the authority stands in our way [they] should be treated as Zionists. This holds true not only with regard to Palestine, by the way, but also with regard to the streets of Amman and Cairo. It applies to any country that maintains relations with the Zionist enemy."

Of course, that would be the USA and other Western countries.

You OK with that, Sam Donaldson?

And that's "The Memo."

Pinheads & Patriots

Twenty-nine-year-old Barbara Bush, the daughter of W, surprised a lot of people when she said this:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BARBARA BUSH, DAUGHTER OF GEORGE W. BUSH: I'm Barbara Bush, and I'm a New Yorker for marriage equality. New York is about fairness and equality, and everyone should have the right to marry the person that they love. Join us.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

So is Barbara Bush a pinhead or a patriot? Please vote on BillOReilly.com.

Monday night we asked you whether John Boehner is a pinhead or a patriot for his smoking habit. Eighty-two percent of you say no, it's OK with you that he smokes and that Mr. Boehner is a patriot. Eighteen percent believe his nicotine habit is pinheaded.


