
By Bill O'Reilly
There have been a number of leaks in the press about sensitive issues of life and death.
Number one, Pakistani doctor who helped the CIA locate Bin Laden. Details about him found their way into the newspapers. Now Dr. Shakil Afridi is serving 30 years in a Pakistani prison and the USA can't get him out. That's just awful and whoever leaked information about... about Dr. Afridi should be prosecuted.
Second, do you know what Stuxnet is? Stuxnet. It's a computer virus targeting nuclear facilities in Iran. It's a top secret sabotage program that somebody told the "New York Times" about. Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein said her heart dropped when she read the story.
Third, the kill list, somebody told the "Times" that President Obama has an actual terrorist death list and the leaks some believe was designed to make the President look like a tough guy. The one thing all these leaks have in common is the "New York Times."
And now Attorney General Eric Holder has assigned two Justice Department officials to investigate if national security was compromised. The problem is many people don't believe Holder will do anything that might embarrass his close friend Barack Obama.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. JOHN MCCAIN (R), ARIZONA: This needs a special counsel, someone entirely independent of the Justice Department. I have great respect for the two individuals that were appointed but this if it is and it certainly is the most egregious breach of intelligence in anybody's memory.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Wow. Now, for his part the President is apparently satisfied that his close friend Eric Holder can find the leakers.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: We have mechanisms in place where if we can root out folks who have leaked, they will suffer consequences. The notion that my White House would purposely release classified national security information is offensive.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, my question is how would the President know if anybody was leaking? They are not going to tell him. So, how would he know? Obviously some Obama folks are talking; the "New York Times" reporter David Sanger admits it.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SANGER: Did I talk to a lot of people in the administration? Of course. How do you report a book about that without talking to people who were involved in the room?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So, President Obama finds himself in a very embarrassing situation that could escalate into a full blown scandal. "Talking Points" does not analyze based on speculation but here is what we know. There have been leaks. They have caused human suffering. They have put America in danger. And they need to be uncovered.
With all due respect to the Attorney General he is far too close to President Obama. It's conflict of interest to have his people investigate. Senator McCain is right. An independent counsel should be appointed immediately. And that's "The Memo."
Pinhead & Patriots
As you may know, "Good Morning America" co-anchor Robin Roberts was diagnosed with breast cancer five years ago. She was aggressively treated. But now that treatment has led to another vicious medical condition.
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
ROBIN ROBERTS, CO-HOST, ABC'S "GOOD MORNING AMERICA": It's something that is called MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome. And if you look it up online, going what? I was doing the same thing.
It is a rare blood disorder that affects the bone marrow.
My big sister is a virtually perfect match for me. She' s there with Diane and Ann Sweeney, and she is going to be my donor. She is going to be my donor. Bottom line, I am going to beat this.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
O'REILLY: Of course we wish Ms. Roberts the very best. I can tell you, she's a lovely woman. I have known her for years. In addition, she's a "Patriot."

