
By Bill O'Reilly
There are three things I want to tell you about tonight.
Number one, in Pakistan Dr. Shakil Afridi has been sentenced to 33 years in prison. The doctor helped the CIA locate Osama bin Laden. He did the world, the entire world a major favor. But Pakistan... his own country is punishing him. That's a direct insult to every American citizen and therefore Pakistan must be punished by us.
It's clear the country is not a friend to America. They have given us a hard time for years. They allow Taliban terrorists to operate within their country. They know bin Laden was hiding in the north, they knew that. And they don't give a deuce about what we think.
And so all U.S. aid must be immediately suspended to Pakistan. And we should up our aid to Pakistan's enemy, India and see how they like that.
Pakistan is a rogue nation. It's not as bad as Iran but it's close. Enough with coddling these people.
President Obama should demand that the Pakistani government send Dr. Afridi to the U.S.A. just as we did with China in the case of dissident Chen Guangcheng. If Pakistan refuses to release the doctor all aid stops, as simple as that.
Number two tonight, another friend of the President who's a stalwart Democrat goes off the reservation. When asked about Bain Capital, Romney's previous employer, Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick stuck up for the company.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOHN ROBERTS, CNN HOST: I want to start with you're the governor of a state that Bain Capital calls its global home. It's right up the street their global headquarters.
DEVAL PATRICK, FORMER GOVERNOR OF MASSACHUSETTS: Indeed. Indeed.
ROBERTS: Are they a bad company?
PATRICK: No, no. They are not a bad company. I respect what Bain does and its role in the -- in the free market system.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, that's the second shot across the bow of the Obama re- election campaign. First Mayor Cory Booker of Newark and now Governor Patrick of Massachusetts telling the President to pretty much knock off the anti-capitalist stuff. Why? Because large corporations help individual states, the governors need the revenue. That's why.
Number three... You will not likely hear critical commentary against President Obama on the issues of Pakistan and capitalism on the three network news broadcasts. Once again the Media Research Center provides the proof. On Monday a major story about the Catholic Church filing lawsuits against the Obama administration was ignored completely by ABC News and NBC News. The CBS Evening News devoted 19 seconds to it, 19 seconds.
Now, many believe the nightly network newscasts are not going to report stories that make President Obama look bad unless they absolutely have to. Bernie Goldberg with more on that in just a few moments.
So, let's recap. "Talking Points" wants President Obama to get tough with Pakistan, to knock off the anti-capitalist campaign rhetoric, and to suggest to the networks that they cover the election in a fair and balanced way.
The last one, no hope; the first two, not much.
And that's "The Memo."
"Pinheads & Patriots."
As you know, we've raised a lot of money for the Fisher House Foundation, which houses military families, while their wounded warriors are being treated. They have to travel around the world.
Recently, Doris Lumsden from California... there's Doris... donated a half million dollars to the Fisher House. She said she was inspired by "The Factor's" campaign.
So I have signed a book for Mrs. Lumsden... the least I can do... who's an unbelievable "Patriot". The guy next to her is associated with Fisher House.
And details on the charity, Fisher House, available on BillOReilly.com. There is no more worthy concern. Our guys and gals coming are back, still with horrible wounds, and families want to be there for them. And you guys make that possible.

