
By Bill O'Reilly
"Talking Points" is a regular guy. I think most of you who watch "The Factor" often know that. Sometimes I've been accused of being a bit too regular.
Growing up on Long Island my folks didn't have very much. We didn't have air conditioning, never bought a new car, ate spaghettios and tuna. But never once... never once did my parents show jealousy toward the rich people who lived in Garden City, a few miles away. I never heard any of that. I heard save your money and don't order an appetizer. That's what I heard.
But America 50 years later is a far different place. Now we have class envy that is being stoked by the Democratic Party. Ironically the media is part of the anti-affluent jihad while many in the media are wealthy themselves. The same thing in Hollywood. You got these pinheads running around supporting the Occupy Wall Street protesters when given the chance some of those occupiers would burn their Hollywood mansions to the ground.
A new Gallup poll asks a very simple question; do you think the U.S. benefits from having a class of rich people or not? 63 percent say "Yes", rich folks are ok. But 34 percent of Americans believe the opposite. However, when you break it down by party, 46 percent of Democrats believe wealthy Americans provide no benefit to the country whatsoever.
Now, I take that very personally because I, your humble correspondent, against all odds have become a rich guy. And here is exactly what I do for my country. I pay all my taxes. I have no offshore accounts and everything the government wants my account in Swiftie is under orders to pay.
My foundation named after my parents gives away millions of dollars to the poor, to military families in need, and to fight disease worldwide. I employ dozens of people, BillO'Reilly.com is my small business.
In addition, because "The Factor" is successful, people are hired by the News Corporation to work on the program. Also, because I work very hard, I employ people in my house and to do other things that I can't do.
Recently, I thought about retiring, but I added it up and more than 60 people would have lost their jobs had I packed it in. So now I hear that almost half of the Democratic Party believe I provide no benefit at all to America? Off the chart, dumb.
So I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to write a letter to President Obama asking him to publicly acknowledge my contribution to the USA. In his next press conference I want the President to open up with "I just want you all to know what Bill O'Reilly is doing for the country." Am I asking too much? Am I out of line here?
Bottom line, jealous pinheads hurt the country. I and others like me are helping it.
And that's "The Memo."
"Pinheads & Patriots."
Of all the actors in Hollywood, Gary Sinise is, in my opinion, the most generous in helping his country. And last night on "60 Minutes," Mr. Sinise finally got his due.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Let's hear it for Gary Sinise and the Lieutenant Dan Band.
(MUSIC)
60 MINUTES HOST: Since his first USO tour to Iraq in 2003, Gary Sinise has entertained nearly a quarter million American troops and their families. It's his role of a lifetime, and it keeps Sinise on the road most weekends.
SINISE: Thank you, thank you. Thank you, thank all of you for what you do for our country.
It's part of my life. It's part of my -- what I think is important and what makes me feel that I can contribute.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
O'REILLY: Mr. Sinise is, of course, a "Patriot". You should check out the entire piece on 60Minutes.com.

