


INGRAHAM: Continuing now with our lead story.
What is next for the Republican Party? Media types including those who are quite friendly to Democrats are analyzing the GOP's future in light of its failure to oust President Obama and then some are actually predicting a civil war.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So give me your bottom line on the Republicans now. We talked about the soul searching what do they do next?
GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS, ABC NEWS: Soul searching perhaps civil war. You've got to look at this party right now. They have won the popular vote only once since 1988 in the presidential -- in the presidential race. And it was probably best summed up by Al Cardenas the head of the American Conservative Union. He said the party is too old, too white and too male.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: With me now Juan Williams and Mary Katharine Ham. Both are Fox News analysts. All right, Juan let's start with you -- too old, too white, too male. I think it was Harry Reid. So what is -- I mean, I just, I find this -- this obsession with race and gender instead of ideas to be disturbing. I think an African-American can lose like Colonel Allen West it looks like he lost in Florida. He was a conservative. He lost.
I think white guys can be conservative and win if they are good candidates and they make good ideas that are repealing. Democrat, Republican. So this obsession with well the ticket has to be all white or all black or brown, white, I just think it's silly. You are nodding your head. You want a color coded ticket.
JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS ANALYST: No. You are talking about racial bean counting. You are way, way lost on this one. I don't get it. You are so smart.
INGRAHAM: Oh ok.
WILLIAMS: I mean the reality is you just look at the numbers of what came out Tuesday and it looks like you know a huge victory among whites you know for Romney but he loses the election. He had a plus 27 advantage among white men. Still couldn't put him in the Oval Office.
So if you are thinking of it strategically and you want Republicans to win. You have to be more inclusive and especially with the rapidly- emerging Latino population.
INGRAHAM: But do you think Condoleezza Rice could have beaten Barack Obama?
WILLIAMS: I don't know that she could have beaten him. She is closely identified with the Bush administration. You were just pointing out they left some baggage on the table.
INGRAHAM: Yes I mean come on. I mean, the Bush administration? I mean God you sounded like President Bush, they are very nice people. It's not personal.
WILLIAMS: Yes.
INGRAHAM: I just think the policies ended up confusing people about the Republican Party. Right? They thought the Republican Party was a small government party. It grew under Bush. They thought it was more judicious on military involvement. It ended up getting involved in two wars. And look I supported the war in Iraq. I think we should win in Afghanistan.
WILLIAMS: Right, right, right.
INGRAHAM: But people will find it very unpopular. It hurt the Republican and it hurt the conservative movement, I should say.
WILLIAMS: But here's what I'm saying to you don't get confuse, don't locked in oh now everything is racial and bean counting.
INGRAHAM: Yes.
WILLIAMS: Look at it this way. You have got to open the party's doors. You've got to let some fresh air in. You can't just --
INGRAHAM: I agree with that.
WILLIAMS: -- just speak to older white people -- older white people vote for Republican.
INGRAHAM: No, no, no.
WILLIAMS: And you can't alienate and say we are demonizing all of you Hispanics, you're bad folks, you're threatening us. You're coming in here illegally.
INGRAHAM: All right, like -- like demonizing people who start businesses and who have made more than $250,000 a year or saying a candidate causes cancer in an ads.
(CROSSTALK)
WILLIAMS: Oh -- oh and how about lying about sending your jobs off to China?
INGRAHAM: Or saying -- saying a candidate actually, doesn't like women. I mean come on the negative campaigning was on both sides. It was brutal on Obama side just as -- if not more so. But let's go -- let's go to Mary --
(CROSSTALK)
WILLIAMS: I think it (inaudible) on the Republican side.
INGRAHAM: Let's go to Mary Katharine Ham on this. Mary Katharine look, this soul searching time I'm already tired of that phrase.
MARY KATHARINE HAM, FOX NEWS ANALYST: I do.
INGRAHAM: But look the idea that the Republicans need to become more like the Democrats to win -- I find that to be highly objectionable. Because you're never going to outbid them in giving away free stuff.
HAM: Yes.
INGRAHAM: If the Republicans say ok, Latinos, we are going to give you amnesty as Charles Krauthammer said. Well that the Democrats will come back and I'll give you amnesty plus affirmative action, plus you can bring all your grandparents in. Plus -- they will always do one more thing instead of an economic empowerment. Reaching them on those core social issues that they have a lot in common with, with conservatives.
But the bidding war, we are going to lose that.
HAM: Yes I agree with you, I'm a conservative. I do not want Republicans to be status like. I do think that works for them and it hasn't worked when we tried it in the past. But I do think that you can be conservative, you can sell that message but you are correct. Both you and Juan are correct that you need a really good messenger to bring that message and we do have to deal with.
I think there were two problems going on with Mitt Romney's campaign. It does look like the orca get out the boat ended up being a beached whale according to some reports. And the other -- so a lot of white voters who could have been there for him were not. And then the other thing is, yes, in these places like Virginia, Florida, Colorado, Hispanic voters turned out among minority voters and younger voters and women did build up a fire wall that he would not otherwise have had.
And so we have to deal with that and the fact is that we need to not just put folks who are -- who can speak to that community or who might be Hispanic but are really, really great messengers. For instance, Marco Rubio is one of them who I think sells conservatism really, really well. In addition I think the Republican Party has been bad about going straight to those communities.
INGRAHAM: Just go to them -- Reagan.
HAM: This is where we agree. And it's hard to scale. It might not get you a bunch of voters.
INGRAHAM: Right, it takes you a while.
(CROSSTALK)
HAM: And it might cost you a lot of money and time but you've got to get in there and try.
INGRAHAM: You know I -- Mary Katharine I was thinking of Barack Obama himself right? In 2010, when the Democrats were handed this big defeat, right? You know Tea Party really was resurgent and so forth.
HAM: Right.
INGRAHAM: Barack Obama didn't say ok, I'm going to become ---I'm going to move to the middle and I'm going to abandon my liberal principles.
HAM: Yes.
INGRAHAM: And I'm going to try to appeal to all these -- all of these single people and all these married people by being a little bit more conservative. Instead Barack Obama said you know something? We are going to sell our message. We're going to package it, and we're going to connect to people on a human way and in a strategic way. I think he did a brilliant job at doing that. He didn't moderate his views.
(CROSSTALK)
WILLIAMS: Well ok but let me just say.
HAM: He certainly did, I think to the --
WILLIAMS: Well go ahead Mary Katharine.
HAM: Go ahead. Go ahead Juan.
WILLIAMS: No, I was going to say I think he did moderate his views. But let me come back to something --
INGRAHAM: On what issue?
WILLIAMS: -- on lots of issues. But let me just --
(CROSSTALK)
INGRAHAM: Ok Juan, give me one.
WILLIAMS: -- let me come back to something that you said earlier. You think that when it comes to conservative values that you should not abandon them. And I'm not encouraging Republicans to abandon them. I think conservative values, conservative principles to a conservative Latino population that goes to church, loves family, loves entrepreneurship is a winning message.
INGRAHAM: Right.
HAM: Right.
WILLIAMS: But Republicans have to do the outreach, Laura.
INGRAHAM: You are preaching to the choir -- you're preaching on the choir on that. They should have gone into those neighborhoods and connected with those faith-based communities. Marco Rubio had that plan for that.
HAM: Do not forget the education issues. School choice is where we can win with folks like that.
WILLIAMS: Hey way to go, Mary Katharine. It's exactly right. This is what you do. Sell it?
INGRAHAM: Good point. Romney didn't want to really get into the nitty-gritty of those issues. They played it very defensive. And they thought the bad economy was going to win it for them.
WILLIAMS: Oh please, come on self-deportation that's hostility.
INGRAHAM: That was -- that was -- that was during the campaign primary season. And Barack Obama himself has said all sorts of things to alienate people. He managed to triangulate away from those points.
WILLIAMS: You don't even want to talk about Republicans --
INGRAHAM: Absolutely. Absolutely but I mean the language does matter. I think Juan is right about that.
Mary Katharine, Juan, thanks.


