
By Laura Ingraham
Coming off the Democratic National Convention, let's stipulate to the following. First, President Obama is a loving father and husband who had an unconventional upbringing. Second, the First Lady is intelligent. She is dedicated to fighting obesity, helping the troops and she is a great mom. Third, Joe Biden loves to tell stories about growing up in Wilmington and he loves his wife.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOE BIDEN, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Why in the heck did it take five times of asking you and that's true, five times. I don't know what I would have done, kiddo had you on that fifth time said no. I love you. You're the love of my life and the life of my love.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: Literally.
And fourth, the Democrats have younger and hipper celebrities on their side.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SCARLETT JOHANSSON, ACTRESS: I speak to you not as a representative of young Hollywood but as a representative of the many millions of young Americans particularly young women who depend on public and non-profit programs to help them survive.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: Now, all of this is good maybe for a movie for the Hallmark Channel, but it does nothing to change the cold hard facts that our economy is virtually stalled -- yes, stalled. We learned today that our labor force participation rate is the lowest in 30 years.
So when the President cites the August job growth of 96,000 as progress. It's a joke. The Democrats are playing purely a get-out-the base strategy here and they did so at the convention. So to the heck with swing voters or the centrist; its abortion, it's gay marriage, it's raising taxes on the wealthy and, of course, it's immigration amnesty.
Now all this might be music to the ears of the activists but it's really not going to get the economy roaring back which is what most voters care about. The razzle-dazzle of Charlotte was a sight to behold. The wonderful speech by Mrs. Obama; the return of Bill Clinton and all that music and dancing.
But long after the last "We Love Michelle" placard is recycled our nation will still be hanging on the precipice. And nothing in the President's speech last night demonstrated that he's prepared to make any changes in either his policies or his governing style. That's disturbing and deeply disappointing. Given the crushing federal debt amassed during his term the persistent joblessness and the pain that so many citizens are feeling, how can he not make any changes?
So what happens if through the fall Team Obama continues to ask voters for patience without a real plan? Rick Grenell put it well last night in a late night tweet. He said "You can get elected on hope but you can't get re-elected on it."
And that's "The Memo."


