


BILL O'REILLY, FNC HOST: Continuing here live from Tampa, Florida, a special coverage of the RNC on "The Factor" this evening. Let's bring in Dick Morris who is in our New York studio.
So what is the most important, the most important thing that you've seen or heard at this convention so far?
DICK MORRIS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, Ann Romney's speech. It -- Obama's entire campaign for five months has been to personally discredit Mitt Romney and throw personal barbs at his integrity, his compassion, his humanity, his questioning whether he lives on the same planet as the rest of us do.
And Ann Romney really rebutted that. She really brought it back to earth. She explained who he was. She explained it in very clear terms and she offered vivid personal testimonials of the hard times they have been through together.
When she talks about how the dining room -- the ironing board with the dining room table. Nobody is going to think that this guy was born having it all.
O'REILLY: Ok so she on a scale of one to 10, 10 being the best, one being the worst, her speech was a --
MORRIS: Oh a nine or a 10. She's better than any other First Lady candidate or incumbent that has ever spoken at a convention.
O'REILLY: Is that right?
MORRIS: Yes.
O'REILLY: She was the best? The best spouse --
MORRIS: Yes, yes much better than Barbara Bush. Better than Elizabeth Dole who was terrific. Mrs. Kerry was not.
O'REILLY: Wow.
MORRIS: But Hillary, better than any of them. Better than Laura Bush, absolutely incredible. And the other speeches did not necessarily serve core strategic purposes. This did. This was effectively --
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: Yes.
MORRIS: -- the answer to the negative campaigns.
O'REILLY: All right, but she -- she had a mandate and then she was successful in putting it over on television, which is very, very important.
MORRIS: Right.
O'REILLY: Now Chris Christie came up behind her, the Governor of New Jersey, how did he do?
MORRIS: Oh terribly. I -- I thought he dropped out of the presidential race. It sounded like he was about to get back in. He just talked about himself in New Jersey and very little about Obama or Romney. There have been one or two failings in this convention so far, it's not over by any means.
One failure is the word "Bain Capital" has never being mentioned. It's a big secret. Nobody mentions the word. Well, come on. Obama's whole campaign is based on Bain Capital. What they need to have here is a video of jobs that were created. Some speakers who say he saved my job, he saved my benefits. You can't let that attack sit out there without an answer. I also feel that McCain's speech tonight --
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: Wait, wait, don't get to McCain.
MORRIS: Ok.
O'REILLY: Let's just stay with Christie for a minute.
So you felt that that Christie's remarks were too centered on himself and what he did in New Jersey but he was trying by extension to say this is what the Republican Party stands for. It was an economic, anyone after the Teacher's Unions --
(CROSSTALK)
MORRIS: Yes.
O'REILLY: And you didn't think that was effective.
MORRIS: Well, I thought going after the Teacher's Union was very good. But I don't think it had much to do with the presidential race.
O'REILLY: All right.
MORRIS: I think he -- he forgot that he was a keynoter for Mitt Romney.
O'REILLY: And he wasn't very assertive against Barack Obama.
MORRIS: Right.
O'REILLY: And we'll discuss that later. Some inside baseball that people want to hear.
All right, so then John McCain comes up tonight, kicks off prime time and how did he do?
MORRIS: I -- I -- I thought it was obviously a very dignified and very eloquent speech and made a good case. But there are so many things that he did mentioned that are going off in the minds of the voters like alarm clocks as he spoke.
The first thing Obama's ratings on foreign policy are the high point of his presidency. He gets better ratings on that than anything else largely because he killed bin Laden and toppled Gadhafi. And also people are saying well, if we go around defending the cause of freedom all of the place won't we end up in another -- another Iraq? And the Afghan war isn't going anywhere.
So I think that -- I think that he really articulated a case that I don't think is going to go over very well with the voters.
O'REILLY: All right. So you feel that was a missed opportunity there. I would have liked to have heard more about his experience with Barack Obama.
But here is something everybody should know. We have a knockout interview with John McCain tomorrow night on THE FACTOR.
MORRIS: Good.
O'REILLY: It is a knockout interview.
MORRIS: Right.
O'REILLY: I think people are going to be very, very surprised.
MORRIS: I mean this was the guy who lost to Barack Obama last time.
O'REILLY: Right and he knows -- he knows the nuances, right.
MORRIS: He could have stood up there and said, that the way I lost the election last time was that he said he would cut the deficit in half and he said have unemployment to five percent.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: Sure. We got that a lot -- I got to -- I got to cut you off because we've got a couple of more speeches coming up and we want to get down to New Orleans as well -- up to New Orleans -- I'm in Tampa.
So there is Dick Morris.


