
By Bill O'Reilly
President Obama was elected last time around largely because he promised a new tone in Washington; transparency, looking out for the folks.
Well, with all due respect, that's gone. The President is trying to hide the "Fast and Furious" scandal and is using political assassins to put out ads like this one.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOE SOPTIC: When Mitt Romney and Bain closed the plant, I lost my healthcare. And my family lost their healthcare. And a short time after that my wife became ill, and she passed away in 22 days. I do not think Mitt Romney realizes what he's done to anyone. And I... furthermore I do not think Mitt Romney is concerned.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So what that ad implies, that Mitt Romney is cold, calculating, capitalism caused that man's wife to die. Does anybody think that's a fair ad? Please raise your hand.
All right, now here is what's going on. The guy on the ad, Joe Soptic lost his job 2001, after Bain took over his company. At the time, his wife was working in a separate job. She had health insurance. She was covered. The family was covered. Five years later, five years, the woman fell ill and died from cancer.
Clearly, Bain Capital and Romney had nothing to do with it. The Obama people know that but put the ad out anyway. So the logical question becomes, what does this say about the President? The press asked White House Spokesman Jay Carney about that.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JAY CARNEY, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I have not seen the ad and I... and I would refer you to the campaign or to the organization.
REPORTER: But...
CARNEY: I can't... I can't comment on the ad.
REPORTER: But you just took a very vocal position on an ad from a conservative.
CARNEY: So an ad, an ad that falsely and dishonestly represents the President's current policy. I haven't seen this I don't, I can't respond to it.
REPORTER: Will you look at it and then...
CARNEY: I think I would refer you to the President's re-election campaign.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, the truth is Carney knew about the ad. Everybody knew about the ad. He didn't want to watch it on purpose, so he could do that ruse.
Ok, this signals a free fire zone on the part of the Obama re-election campaign that it will do pretty much anything, including accusing Governor Romney of contributing to an American's death. They'll do that to gain votes.
Something very troubling about that, is there not? And that's "The Memo."

