
By Bill O'Reilly
And the answer is no. Many do not understand what's at stake.
Now, I'm not being condescending and I'm not being ideological. The issues are very complex. Here are three vital ones.
First, the economy is terrible. But it's not just unemployment and low wages. It's the staggering amount of debt. President Obama rolled the dice believing that record government spending in peace time would lead to job creation. No matter what the propagandists tell you that has not happened.
Under Mr. Obama, the nation's debt has increased by more than $5 trillion and what do we have to show for that? What? If the feds continue spending at this rate, the U.S. dollar will collapse. Confidence in our currency will evaporate. We simply must stop the massive borrowing now estimated at $3.5 billion a day, a day.
Vital issue number two, Muslims. President Obama is using a soft power approach with the Muslim world and after eight years of Bush/Cheney that strategy was worth trying. Mr. Obama did everything he could to convince Muslims that Americans are not their enemy. Sadly he has not convinced them. Millions of Muslims continue to hate the U.S.A. as the recent Muslim assaults on America prove. Even in the face of that, the Obama administration doesn't want to change course.
Here is what U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice said about the assassination of the American ambassador to Libya.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SUSAN RICE, U.S. AMBASSADOR TO THE UNITED NATIONS: What our assessment is as of the present is in fact what... it began spontaneously in Benghazi as a reaction to what had transpired some hours earlier in Cairo.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Spontaneously. But that is not what intelligence agencies are saying and even the President of Libya sees it differently.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MOHAMED MAGARIAF, PRESIDENT OF LIBYA: They are choosing the specific date for this so-called demonstration. I think we have no... this leaves us with no doubt that this is pre-planned.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right. The date, of course, September 11th. So once again the Obama administration seems befuddled by Muslim violence which is growing. Afghanistan now in peril, Iran spitting in the eye of America and al Qaeda reconstituting in places like Yemen.
Again, the soft power approach hasn't worked. In fact, Mr. Obama's greatest successes are the drone missile attacks. And they are a demonstration of hard power.
Vital issue number three; gas prices through the roof and the nation has no coherent energy policy. If Israel decides to attack Iran, gas prices might go to $7 bucks a gallon. Mr. Obama is well-intentioned in wanting alternative fuels. But his opposition to the fossil fuel industry has put working Americans in a very bad place. Wait until you see your heating bill.
So there you have it, three vital issues that all voters should understand. In fact, I feel so strongly about this and I'm teaming up with my pal Jon Stewart to do a 90-minute debate on those and other vital issues. It will be streamed on the Internet on October 6th. Details later on in the broadcast.
And that's "The Memo."

