
By Bill O'Reilly
"Talking Points" believes that doubt is coming into play as far as President Obama's re-election is concerned.
With the polls showing the President is pretty much tied with Mitt Romney and most Americans feeling dissatisfied with the direction of the country, even the President's most ardent supporters are on edge. There is a very good chance Mr. Obama will lose the election and the bad economic data today underlines that opinion.
Lou Dobbs will have more on that later.
So I'm sensing some desperation on the part of the committed left American public. If Mr. Obama is defeated so is their agenda. And the country will move sharply to the right under a Romney administration. If the Democrats lose control of Congress, liberals will pretty much be on the run for at least two years.
So we are beginning to see strange things happen on the left. And here is one of the strangest. On April 10th the Web site MoveOn posted a video with the headline one dangerous word we hear all too often on Fox News. And what is that dangerous word? Roll the tape.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Calling a person "illegal" takes away their humanity. We can join our voices to ask media and government to drop the "I" word now. The "I" word derails real conversation about immigration and human rights.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Illegal aliens are in the country, including many murderers and rapists.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's racially charged, legally inaccurate. And morally wrong.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: "Illegal" functions like a racial epithet. It's a way of legitimizing violence against a particular group of people because of what they are. That's the definition of a hate crime.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We can stamp out this slur. No human being is illegal. Let's drop the "I" word.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Ok, fine. The far-left doesn't like the word "illegal" when attached to illegal aliens. Yes it's crazy but no it's not a big deal. However it's predictable. "Talking Points" believes racism, anti- religious stuff and gender politics will all be introduced into the campaign by the left thereby diverting attention away from the economy.
Now, there's nothing wrong with liberals trying to promote their agenda. Free expression is what the country is all about and robust debate makes us stronger. But there comes a point when Americans must decide who is really looking out for them in the common sense department.
And that's "The Memo."

Pinheads & Patriots
You may remember this iconic photograph, taken in Times Square, here in New York City, just after World War II ended. It was a celebratory moment for the nation. Well, singer Katy Perry, mindful of the photograph, did this at a recent concert she gave at the naval academy.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KATY PERRY, SINGER: You know that iconic pose? You know when they get off the ship? You ready?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes!
PERRY: Go!
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Miss Perry is a "Patriot" for entertaining in Annapolis. Nice bit.



