
By Bill O’Reilly
Before he died, Andrew Breitbart spoke to "The Hollywood Reporter." That was the last interview he ever did. Mr. Breitbart was upset because he believed the left-wing media was trying to destroy him. He pointed to Media Matters as the primary offender.
Breitbart went on to accuse the far-left web site of receiving orders from the Democratic National Committee and directly passing those orders on to MSNBC. The blogger called it a rigged operation and was furious that a news agency as powerful as NBC would engage in dishonest practices.
Now, for years "Talking Points" has been telling you that Media Matters, heavily funded by people like George Soros, has been corrupting the editorial process in America. And tonight we will give you one more vivid example.
As you may know, I have been very critical of the oil companies jacking up gas prices when there's plenty of supply available in the U.S.A.
Also, I've criticized President Obama for doing nothing about it when he could call the oil chieftains into the White House and get behind legislation to limit oil speculation.
Enter Media Matters who calls me a hypocrite because they say I didn't hammer President Bush when gas prices rose during his tenure. Here is what Media Matters ran on its web site:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So the next time you hear a politician say he or she will bring down oil prices, understand its complete BS. If Americans want lower gas prices? Cut back.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now Media Matters posted that clip nine days ago but they dishonestly edited it. Here is the full clip.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: The Republican Party pretty much lets big oil do whatever it wants and refuses to rein in corrupt speculators who drive up the price of oil. So the next time you hear a politician say he or she will bring down oil prices? Understand its complete BS. If Americans want lower gas prices? Cut back.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: I believe President Bush is a Republican, is he not? So, Media Matters lied as it always does. It takes video clips out of context every single day.
And guess who went wild calling me hypocritical? NBC News in the form of MSNBC. I know, you’re shocked.
Here is the bigger picture. We know that most of the media is actively rooting for President Obama to be re-elected. But it used to be that the liberal press just tilted coverage ignoring stories that reflected positively on conservatives and Republicans and hyping stories that help Democrats and liberals.
But now… now national news agencies are actually lying to you, using out of context quotes that they get from web sites and fabricating things all in an effort to advance the liberal agenda. Later in this broadcast, you'll hear conservative Rick Santorum criticize Fox News for not helping him out… interesting. So the next time you hear Fox News is a right-wing operation, just mention Rick Santorum's contention.
The danger here is that the presidential election will not be reported honestly. And that Americans who do not pay close attention will be deceived and therefore, their vote unfairly influenced. That's on them, of course, you can't force people to be fair and wise.
But if Andrew Breitbart's contention is true, that the Democratic Party is now coordinating with Media Matters, who is coordinating with MSNBC, that is troubling and a blatant corruption of the First Amendment.
And that's “The Memo.”
Pinheads & Patriots
Not easy being a celebrity in America. Everybody's got a camera; everybody's looking at you. Sometimes bad things can happen.
Conservative author Jason Mattera walked up to comedian Chris Rock and -- well -- roll the tape.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JASON MATTERA, AUTHOR: Big fan. Grew up in Brooklyn. How's it going.
Can I take a picture with you?
ROCK: Sorry, sorry.
MATTERA: When you... when you said the Tea Party was insane and racist...
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right. Now, Mr. Mattera is a "Pinhead" because he misrepresented himself. I mean, Rock was kind enough to give him the picture. And then he turns around, and he ambushes him. You don't want to do that, all right?
And even though he reacted poorly, I can't call Mr. Rock a "Pinhead", because that stuff has happened to me, and I don't always react in the best way. I just wish civility would take hold in this country. We don't need to do this stuff. All right? We just do not need to do this stuff.



