
By Bill O'Reilly
One of the problems America is currently having is that many of us believe that we are special, that society owes us respect and prosperity. That's why so many Americans support the entitlement system.
All over the nation public schools are very concerned about student's self-esteem. That's been going on for quite some time now. There are even public schools that say national testing is biased if some of the students fail.
Now, you may have heard of historian, David McCullough. He wrote a best seller on John Adams. While his son also named David has been teaching high school for 26 years. Last week David McCullough Jr. said this to the graduating class of Wellesley High in Massachusetts.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MCCULLOUGH: You're not special, you're not exceptional. Contrary to what your U9 soccer trophy suggests, you're glowing 7th grade report card, despite every assurance of a certain corpulent purple dinosaur, that nice Mr. Rogers and your batty Aunt Silvia; no matter how often your maternal caped crusader has swooped in to save you, you are nothing special.
Yes, you've been pampered, cosseted, doted upon, helmeted, bubble wrapped. If everyone is special then no one is.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, after Mr. McCullough said that he was hammered but also praised in some quarters.
"Talking Points" believes that students need to hear McCullough's stern message. Unlike some countries America is a very competitive place. Nobody is going to hand you money except the federal government and those funds will by paltry.
In the private sector you must compete, you must prove yourself to be special. And believe me few will care if your feelings are hurt. Performance is what counts.
Sadly many American students are not prepared for the real world. They have been pampered by both parents and the public school system. The old saying is life is hard and then you die.
But in America slow death is becoming very common because some of us don't want to compete. Don't want to work hard. Don't want to be honest and sober. But those things are absolutely necessary if you are to prosper in this country.
So, David McCullough should be applauded and his message should be echoed by our nation's leaders.
And that's "The Memo"
Pinheads & Patriots
Bill Murray, a wild and crazy guy, as you know. He's been that for decades. He also owns a Minor League Baseball team in Charleston, South Carolina. The other day it rained in Charleston, so Murray took over.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
(CHEERING)
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right. Technique wasn't quite there, but Murray's a "Patriot" because... he's funny. He's a funny guy... always thought that.

