
By Bill O'Reilly
Millions of Americans are angry because the Obama Administration is forcing them to buy government-mandated health insurance. Also the feds want us to pay a huge amount of estate tax intruding on family legacies.
And now, now freedom of religion is in question because the Obama administration is ordering religious-based non-profit institutions to cover birth control in their insurance plans.
So let's take it step-by-step. First of all, President Obama believes in social justice. That the federal government has a duty to impose fairness in the marketplace and to redistribute income to folks who don't have very much. That is a core belief for Barack Obama.
Now, whenever you impose anything, there is an intrusion. You are being told what to do. And that is why the Supreme Court is hearing the Obama care controversy; at issue is the government attempting to control the health care industry. What's covered, what's paid out, what's purchased. If Obama care stands, your freedom in the health care area is much less than it used to be. The upside, about 40 million Americans will get health care, much of it is subsidized by the taxpayer.
On the energy front, the Obama Administration wants alternative energy to take the place of oil and other fossil fuels. So far the feds have invested more than $90 billion taxpayer dollars in green research. Some of it totally down the drain like the Solyndra situation.
Also, oil production is being discouraged in America. HArd to get drilling permits and the oil pipeline from Canada has been shut down by the Obama Administration. The result, gas prices have increased 90 percent on Mr. Obama's watch. That means how you drive your car, heat your home, and live day-to-day is now being impacted by the federal government. They want you to use energy their way.
And finally the birth control situation. The founding fathers wanted the government to stay out of religion. Not impose it, but not interfere with it either.
The CAtholic Church does not believe in birth control. And it doesn't matter if the faithful go along or not. The church says no. But the Obama Administration says yes that church affiliated insurance plans have to cover birth control pills and even the morning after pill in some cases. And that is an enormous intrusion on religion.
Archbishop Timothy Dolan spoke to President Obama before the mandate came down.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DOLAN: He said I don't want anything we do to be an impediment and I take the protection of conscience and religious freedom as one of my highest responsibilities.
When I left the Oval Office where I was very grateful for his invitation to be there, I left with high hopes that nothing that his administration would -- would do would impede the good work that he admitted and acknowledged in the church. And I'm afraid I don't have those sentiments of hope now.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, it will be fascinating to see if Americans re-elect Barack Obama. It is clear the President believes he's absolutely correct in putting forth federal mandates that affect all of our lives. Do you feel the way Mr. Obama does? We'll find out in November.
And that's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots.
Back in 2009 when she was just 19 years old, Kylie beat out 10,000 competitors to win a Victoria's Secrets modeling contract. But now Kylie says she's quitting.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KYLIE BISUTTI, VICTORIA SECRET MODEL: Growing in my relationship with the Lord and my faith, I'm a strong believing Christian. I just became so convicted (ph) about wanting to honor my husband with my body and longing to be a role model for other women out there to look up to me.
I'm definitely going to pursue modeling. I just want to be more wholesome about it. And the jobs that I choose are always going to be honoring the Lord.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right. For being a woman of her convictions, Ms. Bisutti is a patriot. This has nothing to do with Victoria's Secret. We're just honoring a woman of conscience.

