By Bill O'Reilly
At first, the President took a soft power approach toward the Muslim world hoping that by being sensitive he could convince a majority of Muslims that the USA was not their enemy. That, of course, in response to the Bush administration's hard power approach.
On June 4th, 2009, Mr. Obama said this in Cairo.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: Islam has a proud tradition of tolerance. We see it in the history of Andalucia and Cordoba during the inquisition. I saw it firsthand as a child in Indonesia where devout Christians worshiped freely in an overwhelmingly Muslim country. That is the spirit we need today.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well that soft power approach has failed. It might have been a good try, but it has not worked.
Here are the facts. Compelling evidence out of Pakistan shows that the government there was protecting Usama bin Laden.
When U.S. Navy SEALs finally caught up with bin Laden, the Pakistani government imprisoned the man who helped us find him. The Dr. Shakil Afridi, a Pakistani surgeon, was sentenced to 33 years in prison. That is a direct insult to America which gives Pakistan more than $2 billion a year in aid.
In Afghanistan, where more than 2,000 Americans have been killed. The government under Hamid Karzai remains corrupt and largely uncooperative in protecting Americans. Many Afghans openly support the Taliban and our 11 years in that country have been frustrating, to say the least.
In Iran, that country is openly defying the USA and the world, continuing its nuclear weapons development. There's no question Iran is America's most dangerous enemy.
In Egypt, the Muslim Brotherhood now controls the government and anti-American demonstrations are commonplace. As you know the Egyptian government has failed to protect the American embassy, which was looted this week. Despite that, the USA continues to send billions of dollars to Egypt.
In Yemen, the weak government there cannot control the terror group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, which is headquartered in that country. Also violent anti-American demonstrations are breaking out in Yemen driven by the Jihadists.
In Libya, there is chaos and the weak government there obviously cannot protect Americans who are in the country. Ambassador Christopher Stevens was a long time friend to Libyans, but assassinated on Tuesday.
So you can see the evidence is overwhelming. Much of the Muslim world is not friendly to the USA despite President Obama's outreach. So now, it is time for America to change its strategy.
"Talking Points" does not believe it is smart to openly antagonize any Muslim government, with the exception of Iran. That country will most likely have to be dealt with by military in some fashion.
However, Mr. Obama has an obligation, an obligation to punish governments like Egypt which allow attacks on American citizens. Let me repeat, the President must punish the Egyptians. We are living in a dangerous world. The President's first priority is to protect Americans, period.
And that's "The Memo."

