




O'REILLY: Thanks for staying with us. I'm Bill O'Reilly and the Miller Time segment this evening. Let's get right to the sage of Southern California. He joins us now from Santa Barbara.
So I know you are rooting for Mitt Romney tonight. What's your advice for him?
DENNIS MILLER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, at the beginning I think he should come out and say, "Listen, Mr. President, let's keep this above board. If you promise to not get nasty with me like Stephanie Cutter does, I'll promise not to get nasty like you - with you like Joe Biden does."
And that way I would keep it above board. Biden is doing more harm to anybody than president. This guy's shakier than a Jenga tower on top of a jackhammer handle, all right? Listen, I think Mitt Romney is doing great. I know everybody else is bummed out. Guess what? I've seen the light. He is either even or within the range of error and most of these things for a man who has been deified, who the press fawn over, to say they fawn over him would be a doing a disservice to Bambi, for God's sakes. They're going to nitpick my guy out the wazoo, but I'm telling you 35 days out, this cat is in good shape. And whatever he's doing, I think he should keep doing it.
O'REILLY: OK, Rasmussen has him, you know, pretty much tied if you have the margin of error put in.
MILLER: That's mind boggling. That's mind boggling.
O'REILLY: The point is well taken. With the press rooting for the president and with the money that the president has on attack ads, for Romney still to be close, but the problem is in places like Ohio, he's falling behind and ba ba ba ba ba.
Now, everybody thinks I'm crazy. Down the line, we can't get more diverse -- Rove, Kirsten Powers, Leslie Marshall, I mean the whole bunch. I come out and show a little emotion, you know? I show a little urgency out there from Romney. I'm saying, you know what? I hope Americans know how bad this country, what kind of shape we are in now. I hope they understand that here in the economy, it's awful, and overseas, they don't know what they are doing over there. I just think that that would work with the independents. And everybody says oh no, no, no, no, no. He has to come in and serve (ph) very senatorial.
I don't know. I don't know if that's going to cut it tonight.
MILLER: Listen, I don't think he has ever been a Senator. Has he?
O'REILLY: Senatorial is a word, though, Miller. It's a word that you -- word of the day.
MILLER: Listen, he can't bring that video up and he doesn't have to. That video is going to resonate. It's obvious now to most of us that Barack Obama, if the chip on his shoulder was any bigger, it would be in Michael Moore's Pringles can, all right? We get it. The guy is angry. We know that he doesn't have to bring that up. He should say, "I didn't see it. I'm too busy trying to save this country." And if he does want to show some emotion, I would save it for the closing argument and I would look straight into the camera at the end and say, "Listen, it is broken and I can fix it, damn it."
O'REILLY: All right, now we are getting some place.
MILLER: If he says it, "Damn it," it's like Rhett Butler saying, "Damn it." That's a clean movie and it resonates at the end.
O'REILLY: OK, but he loses Arkansas, though, if he uses it. There's a lot of evangelicals who don't want to hear that word, you know that. So maybe he goes, "I was gonna say it, but I'm not out of respect for everyone."
Now, if he gets attacked, which I think he will, on the 47 percent comment, all right? Then I say the tapes on Barack Obama is a good shield. You put that up as a shield. You go, "Wait a minute, hold it. You talking to me?" Like "Taxi." Remember "Taxi Driver"? You talking to me? There is nobody else here, you must be talking to me. What about that? That kind of takes that whole issue off the table, that divisiveness that the president is going to try to point out that Mitt Romney is a divisive guy and doesn't care about the 47 percent.
MILLER: Well, he should say, "Let's put it this way, Mr. President, when I'm alone in a room, I speak to 53 percent of the country. When you're alone in a room it would appear that you speak to 14 percent of the country, if you want to play games like that, all right?"
O'REILLY: Would you play that game though? Would you play that game?
MILLER: You didn't ask me that. You asked me if he brought that up first. Then, yes, if he brings it up.
O'REILLY: That's what I'm talking about, though. He's going to bring it up. You know the 47 percent is coming. Would you go back with the 14 percent? Would you go back with it?
MILLER: No, because I think he's winning.
O'REILLY: Because you are like -
MILLER: Because I think Mitt Romney is winning, Bill. I don't believe the polls. I don't believe the hacks. I think he is in great shape and I think this president is so bad at this job, that this is a win if this guy just goes out there and looks comfortable, for God's sake, and doesn't look like he's a huckster, like this guy that we've got in there is.
O'REILLY: OK, now, one thing that could put it over the top for Barack Obama is this. Roll the tape.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CHAVEZ (via translator): An Obama win? I hope so. I'm going to say something and maybe they will pick it up and I hope it doesn't hurt Obama.
If I were from the United States, I would vote for Obama.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So now he has Jabba the Hut's endorsement, the president.
MILLER: Listen, these guys who get cancer down in those beef countries, they're the only guys I know who get fatter after they get cancer. I would say this. I think that -- I don't think Chavez is serious about that because I think that Obama is too socialist for Hugo Chavez. I don't think he would actually pull the lever for him.
O'REILLY: Wait a minute. So he is too far left. The president is too far left for Hugo?
MILLER: Chavez isn't that far gone. I would also say this. I think that Barack Obama, you know, Hugo Chavez could come to the United States and vote for Barack Obama, but Barack Obama couldn't go to Venezuela and vote for Hugo Chavez because they have voter I.D. laws in Venezuela.
O'REILLY: That's right, you have to show an I.D. But if he goes to Pennsylvania, Hugo Chavez, he could vote.
MILLER: He could come over here and tell everybody he's, "Hey, I'm with the swarthy Amish people. Where's my ballot?"
O'REILLY: No, no, no, he'd register under the name Liam O'Malley.
MILLER: The O'Malley Factor.
O'REILLY: You don't look like an O'Malley. The interpreter would say, "I'm Liam." And if you said I don't believe that you would be a racist. That's where we have come to in this country.
MILLER: Let Liam vote. That's how crazy it has gotten.
O'REILLY: Dennis Miller, everybody.


