
By Bill O'Reilly
The Susan Komen Foundation is the nation's largest charity combating breast cancer. In 2010 the foundation took in more than $400 million in donations. With that money the charity funds various enterprises that help detect and fight breast cancer.
One of those enterprises is Planned Parenthood which refers women for mammograms. Last year the Komen Foundation gave Planned Parenthood $680,000. Now, that is the source of controversy because as you know, Planned Parenthood is primarily in business to provide abortions, more than 300,000 each year.
So some pro-life folks and the polls say that's now about 50 percent of the population don't like breast cancer money going into Planned Parenthood until this week. The Komen Foundation said it would stop giving Planned Parenthood money.
Well, all hell broke loose in the secular precincts. The pro-abortion lobby went crazy. The Internet was full of hateful posts against the charity and 26 senators wrote a letter to the Komen founder Nancy Brinker objecting to pulling the funds from Planned Parenthood. 25 of the senators were Democrats and one Independent Bernie Sanders is too liberal to be a Democrat.
Faced with a nasty controversy the Komen Foundation surrendered today announcing it will restore the Planned Parenthood grant.
"Talking Points" has a few comments to make. Number one its true Planned Parenthood does breast cancer screening so the Komen Foundation should demand their grants go just for that, nothing else.
Number two, Planned Parenthood is much more, much more than a women's health organization. It is a pro-abortion lobby under the banner of so- called Reproductive Rights. Generally speaking, Planned Parenthood does not give women who visit it's clinics the other side of the abortion story because again PP is in business for abortion.
That is disturbing to pro-life Americans who may want to donate to the Komen Foundation. This controversy is yet another example of how powerful secular forces have become in the U.S.A.
For me it's a simple equation. Upon my death, I don't want to stand in front of God trying to explain how I supported the destruction of a fetus. I simply don't want to have to do that. But I do respect opposing points of view as long as they respect mine. And I certainly don't want my breast cancer donations to go to Planned Parenthood because I believe that organization is much more destructive than beneficial. Again, that's my personal belief.
Finally, I understand the Susan Komen Foundation is in a tight spot. It's getting battered from both sides. But the breast cancer folks should have stood firm. Planned Parenthood is too political, too pro-abortion. Medical charities should stay away from politics.
And that's "The Memo."


