
By Bill O'Reilly
After getting nearly 40 percent of the vote last night Mitt Romney now appears to be unstoppable as President Obama's opponent next November. In fact Mr. Romney beat Jon Huntsman, Newt Gingrich, Rick Santorum and Rick Perry combined. As "Talking Points" said before, the Ron Paul vote 23 percent last night basically a protest vote as to Paul has no chance to get the republic nomination by his own admission.
And even if you don't like Governor Romney you have to admit he has run a disciplined campaign. Here is his response this morning to those bashing him over his business career.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MITT ROMNEY: I believe in free enterprise and freedom and opportunity. I frankly think members of my own party who may be desperate in their campaigns trying to attack free enterprise are making an enormous mistake for themselves and for the country.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Cool, calm, collected. But the Romney bashing not likely to stop. Later we have a report that evangelical Christians will meet in Texas on Friday to deal with the Romney matter. And they are not real keen on the Governor.
But obviously Newt Gingrich is royally teed off and it looks like he will go after the Governor in South Carolina big time. A new CBS news poll among registered voters says that Mitt Romney would defeat Barack Obama 47, 45 if the election were held today.
And exit polls in New Hampshire say many voters there supported the Governor because they believe he can defeat the President.
So, that brings us to the Democratic Party. Didn't take long for the DNC to put out this ad.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ROMNEY: I like being able to fire people.
ROMNEY: Corporations are people, my friend.
ROMNEY: Let Detroit go bankrupt. Don't try to stop the foreclosure process. Let it run its course and hit the bottom.
ROMNEY: I like being able to fire people.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Of course, Cyndi Lauper had to give her permission for that song to be used.
Of course, the Democratic National Committee took the "I like to fire people" comment out of context. Mr. Romney was speaking about being able to fire insurance companies who disrespect their customers. I believe Barack Obama would support that.
But, of course, context and fairness do not matter in the dirty world of politics. "Talking Points" bottom line kind of guy. All the verbiage surrounding last night's election was fine. It was fine. I'm glad a bunch of people have jobs yakking. But it was clear Mitt Romney won big in the New Hampshire primary and his pathway to the nomination is strong.
By the way, by the way, we were amazingly accurate in our assessment on Monday night right here on "The Factor." Thank God. I got to do a Tebow, hold it. OK? I posted the talking points memo on Bill O'Reilly.com, in case you missed it. Thank God we were accurate. After last year me predicting Hillary. That's it for "The Memo."
"Pinheads & Patriots"
The mayor of Pittsburgh, Luke Ravenstahl, made a bet with the mayor of Denver, Michael Hancock, over Steelers-Broncos game last weekend. Well, the Pittsburgh mayor lost, so he had to wear a Tebow jersey and do a prayer a la Tim Tebow, the quarterback who beat the Steelers.
The mayor is a Roman Catholic, so he has got the posture down, at least we hope so. And he's a patriot for honoring his obligation.

