
By Bill O’Reilly
It was pathetic last night, watching the prime time cable opinion programs whip up the Trayvon Martin case to dangerous levels. As "Talking Points" has been reporting, the media is exploiting the terrible death of 17-year-old Trayvon by convicting the man who shot him, George Zimmerman, of wrong doing on television.
Now, let's step back for a moment. What if the Florida special prosecutor decides there is not enough evidence to prosecute Mr. Zimmerman? What if that happens? It could because of Florida's complicated "Stand Your Ground" law which has muddled the case.
MSNBC and CNN to some extent have a vested interest in seeing Zimmerman punished because they've already found him guilty on the air. So, they're not going to respect any verdict but guilty. Therefore those entities will tell the American public that racial injustice has been done if there is not a conviction and that could very well lead to violence as we saw in the Rodney King case.
Those riots in 1992 and I was right in the middle of them, led to 58 people… 58 being killed and a billion dollars worth of damage. That absolutely could happen in the Trayvon Martin case. Leading the charge to convict Zimmerman is Al Sharpton.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
AL SHARPTON: This is not about self-defense. This is about a man deciding somebody based on who he was, was a suspect and that he would take matters in his own hands.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Sharpton as you know has a daily one hour program on MSNBC and as I said has already found Zimmerman guilty on the air.
The same thing with CNN commentator Roland Martin.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ROLAND MARTIN: They gave George Zimmerman the benefit of the doubt because of who he is and they simply saw Trayvon Martin and I guarantee you in their minds they probably saying oh, young black kid, wearing a hoodie, hrm, George has got to be right.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right, so you can seen the racial animus is already being stirred up on national TV. Now that's flat out dangerous. And the media companies responsible should be held accountable if any violence breaks out.
Now, it is perfectly legitimate for the parents of Trayvon Martin to say whatever they want to say. If your son was dead, you would certainly want justice and aggressively campaign for it. I have no problem with Trayvon's parents and the lawyers representing them demanding fair play.
I also have no problem with Mr. Zimmerman, his friends and family defending him on television. His life hangs on the balance.
But again, pundits who have no blanking idea what happened that night are putting innocent people in danger by commentary based on emotion not facts.
And that's “The Memo.”
Pinheads & Patriots
Most of us well understand the national media leans mainly to the left. But now Newsweek isn't even trying to hide it anymore, as three of their editorial people dish about Dick Cheney on camera.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can you imagine being that organ donor? I mean, it's such a difficult decision to say, I want to give my body to someone else after I'm dead. I would never do it. I would say, give me my heart back.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The ill will towards Dick Cheney getting a heart transplant is stunning.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He may be one of the most evil people...
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Come on. That's just not true. No, not even a little bit. Isn't it?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Stalin? Hitler.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You have to go to dead people to find people that are more evil than Dick Cheney.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: I mean, come on, Newsweek, how about a little objectivity? "Pinheads."

