
By Bill O'Reilly
First a set-up, in March last year, Governor Scott Walker signed a law eliminating most collective bargaining for Wisconsin state employees.
You may remember the left went wild protesting vehemently against the new law. There was even vandalism at the statehouse. The liberals, very angry because if Republican Governors can show they'll get budgets under control by limiting compensation to state workers then that will happen all over the country.
So, in order to punish Governor Walker, the Democratic Party issued a recall and it was successful. They got enough signatures to put it to a vote and the final judgment will be made tomorrow.
The stakes are very high here for President Obama who does not... does not want to constrain union bargaining power. Obviously most American labor unions support Mr. Obama.
But Governor Walker has a pretty good story to tell. When he took office in January of 2011, Wisconsin unemployment stood at 7.7 percent. Now it's down to 6.7 percent according to last reading in April.
On the spending front, when Walker took office there was a budget deficit of $3.6 billion in Wisconsin. Now the deficit is projected to be $143 million... an astounding drop.
On the tax front, it's pretty much a wash. Walker's first budget increased overall taxes in Wisconsin but some businesses received tax cuts.
So, all in all Walker seems to be succeeding economically in Wisconsin. Thus the vote comes down to ideology. The left doesn't like him so they want to throw him out.
The Real Clear Politics consensus in the polls is that Walker will keep his job after tomorrow's vote. The average has 51 percent supporting Walker, 45 percent against him favoring his Democratic opponent Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett.
Finally, if Governor Walker does keep his job, President Obama, American labor and the hard core left will all be disappointed. It's not so much about Walker himself. It's about the message that will be sent. Big spending, big government versus tough measures when it comes to taxpayer dollars.
That's "The Memo."
Pinheads & Patriots
Just about every beauty contest has a Q&A with the ladies, often asking them about women's issues.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HOST: Do you think women are depicted in movies and on television in an accurate and positive way? And please give us an example.
AUDREY BOLTE, MISS OHIO: I think it depends on the movie. I think there are some movies that depict women in a very positive role. And then some movies that put them in little bit more of a negative role. But by the end of the movie they show that woman power that I know we all have. Such as the movie "Pretty Woman," which had a wonderful, beautiful woman, Julia Roberts. And she was having a rough time. But you know what? She came out on top and she didn't let anybody stand in her path.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, the wording "came out on top" might be unfortunate, since Ms. Roberts played a prostitute in that film. In this case, Miss Ohio could be a "Pinhead," but she looks like a nice lady.

