
By Bill O'Reilly
Fox News Channel has the race tied at 46 percent. That is a small improvement for the Obama/Biden ticket since early October.
Among likely Independent voters Romney defeats Obama 46 percent to 39 percent. However, the President has improved his position with Independents by five points since early October.
But here is something interesting. Among extremely interested voters Romney defeats Obama 53 percent to 42 percent and that is an improvement of five percents for the Governor.
Now on the question of favorability, it's just about tied. President Obama 52 percent; Governor Romney 51 percent. Both have a 46 percent unfavorable rating. Fox News also asked the folks if the Obama administration has tried to mislead Americans about the attacks on Libya: 44 percent say yes; 47 percent say no. Finally about President Obama's handling of Libya: 39 percent approve, 47 percent disapprove.
But the truth is that much of the mainstream media has covered for the President over Libya and the issue has not gained big time traction. Fox News chief intelligence correspondent Catherine Herridge reports that she reviewed a cable sent by the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya to the Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on August 16th. It went to Mrs. Clinton's office.
Now that classified cable stated that Americans in Benghazi did not believe the consulate could be defended against a coordinated attack. And of course on 9/11 there were coordinated terrorist attacks that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans.
So it is clear the Obama administration was warned and did nothing. Now, that's a pretty big story but again the press has not embraced it and the President has simply ignored it saying over and over again his administration is investigating.
Well, here is a flash. The Fox News investigative team has uncovered far more about Libya than the Obama administration has. Which is kind of interesting, don't you think?
There are just four days until we vote. Libya will not be -- will not be a major issue. The President will be able to ride it out. And he can thank his friends in the media for that.
And that's "The Memo."

