
By Bill O'Reilly
On Wednesday, Planned Parenthood endorsed President Obama Less than 24 hours after "The Factor" broadcast a shocking story showing a Planned Parenthood counselor in Texas, advising a woman on how to abort her fetus if it turned out to be a girl.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I see that you say you want to terminate if it's a girl. So you just want to continue the pregnancy in the meantime? Or what --
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes. I think that would be the plan so then I would want to schedule -- try to schedule an ultrasound with an OB around then and then I would still be able to come back here for a termination if it was a girl.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: In July.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Well, good luck.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And I hope that you do get your boy.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, there is no question that Planned Parenthood is a pro-abortion outfit which has been in trouble for years. Undercover videos have documented underage abortions, abortion advice associated with prostitution, and now gender-based abortion guidance.
On Thursday, the House of Representatives will vote on outlawing gender-based abortions. We'll have special coverage on that. We'll name the names of Congress people who vote against the bill perhaps advising them. They are in synch with China's abhorrent abortion policy.
Nevertheless, Planned Parenthood rolls along. Today, it endorsed President Obama and attacked Mitt Romney.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: When Mitt Romney says:
MITT ROMNEY, GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Planned Parenthood, we're going to get rid of that.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Romney is saying he'll deny women the birth control and cancer screenings they depend on.
When Romney says:
ROMNEY: Do I believe the Supreme Court should overturn Roe versus Wade? Yes.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He's saying he'll deny women the right to make their own medical decisions.
Planned Parenthood Action Fund is responsible for the content of this advertising because Mitt Romney is out of touch and wrong for women.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well you can decide if that statement is true but what is undeniable is that Mr. Obama is sympathetic to the pro-abortion movement. As a Senator in Illinois seven times, seven times he voted not to restrict things like late-term abortion, partial birth abortion.
Mr. Obama would also not place restrictions on underage girls who seek abortions. So it's clear the President and Planned Parenthood are simpatico.
The question -- and it is a complicated one -- is whether or not Americans care. Latest Gallup poll says 50 percent of Americans now call themselves pro-life; 41 percent pro-choice. And with science establishing that human DNA is present upon conception, the pro-abortion lobby and Planned Parenthood are weaker.
"Talking Points" believes that abortion based on gender is barbaric. Planned Parenthood did issue a statement about the Texas case, quote, "Gender bias is contrary to everything our organization works for daily in communities across the country" unquote.
That statement went on to say the counselor in Texas simply made a mistake. But that's the same thing Planned Parenthood said in all the other undercover stings. So remember Planned Parenthood gets $500 million a year in taxpayer money.
America is supposed to stand for life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. What about the life part, Mr. President?
And that's "The Memo."
PINHEADS & PATRIOTS
Comedian David Letterman, widely considered to be a very liberal guy. And he addressed that last night with Regis Philbin.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DAVID LETTERMAN, HOST, CBS'S "THE LATE SHOW WITH DAVID LETTERMAN": I have been guilty of appearing to be playing partisan politics. However, I'd just like to say that, for the record, I'm a registered independent. You go where the material takes you.
I think that a case would be made, yes, that we are leaning one side to the other. But it's not driven out of anything more serious than who's easier to make fun of.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Ooh. Well, having been on Letterman nine times, I can tell you that Dave is, indeed, a liberal man, a true believer. Whether that makes him a pinhead or a patriot is entirely up to you. All right? So -- and his writers are kind of that way, as well.
But there are some conservative guys over there, as well. I don't want to get them in trouble. So I won't tell you who they are.

