By Bill O'Reilly
In just about an hour, the President will discuss how to deal with Syria killing thousands of people using poison gas. As you may know the polls show most American do not want the USA to strike Syria militarily. And now the Russians have put forth a plan that an international coalition would take control of Syria's chemical arsenal.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
KERRY: We believe that they need to show us an entirely verifiable, completely accountable and ongoing verifiable process by which we know we have all of the weapons, access to any sites in question, unlimited access, investigation, verifiability.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now many of us are very skeptical about Putin neutralizing his pal, Assad. Today there was supposed to be a UN meeting to discuss disarming Syria but the Russians cancelled it and then Putin said no deal at all unless Obama backs away from force not only now but in the future -- ridiculous. So don't get your hopes up.
However, the President will tell the nation tonight that he has approved a quote, "Diplomatic pause" in the campaign against Syria. That is he's slowing down threats of military action and exploring possible diplomatic solutions.
For many around the world that's a good thing for Assad and Putin that's a good thing and finally for Mr. Obama who faces embarrassment in the American Congress, that's a good thing.
It's interesting to see the polling on Syria. Fox News says 36 percent of the American public supports military action while 61 percent does not. CNN says 43 percent favor, 55 percent oppose. When asked about the President's overall job approval rating, Rasmussen says it hasn't changed: 54 percent disapproving, 45 percent approving. In the Fox News poll 40 percent approve the job Mr. Obama is doing; 54 disapprove the same number as Rasmussen.
There's no question Mr. Obama is in trouble, thus he need some spin and here it is.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. HARRY REID (D-NV), MAJORITY LEADER: It's very important to understand that the only reason Russia is seeking an alternative to military action is that President Obama has made it plain and clear that the United States will act if we must. Our credible threat of force has made these diplomatic discussions with Syria possible.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So that's how the Democrats are going to play it. Without President Obama's saber rattling, there would never have been the offer of diplomacy, as bogus as that offer now seems.
As "Talking Points" said last night and that memo is posted on BillOReily.com, there's no way Barack Obama comes out of this unscathed. Senator Reid can spin all day long but most Americans know the President has bungled the Syrian situation and foreign policy in general. There is a good chance he will never recover from this no matter what happens.
What is likely to happen is some debate at the U.N. which will lead nowhere and maybe an international force sometime down that road that might monitor Assad, maybe, could, perhaps. That will keep the tyrant in power and Putin will keep pulling his strings. Meantime the USA just gets weaker and weaker.
And that's "The Memo."

