
By Bill O'Reilly
Three key witnesses are expected to testify on Wednesday about the murder of U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans in Benghazi, Libya on September 11th.
While many Americans have no idea what's going on, Factor viewers most like know that the Obama administration at first told the world the attack was a spontaneous anti-American action. Instead, it was a well-planned terrorist attack likely by al Qaeda agents.
So the testimony this week could be devastating to the Obama administration and to Hillary Clinton who ran the State Department at the time. The key question -- was there a cover up? Five days before Ambassador Stevens was murdered, President Obama spoke at the Democratic National Convention.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: We've blunted the Taliban's momentum in Afghanistan and in 2014 our longest war will be over.
A new tower rises above the New York skyline, al Qaeda is on the path to defeat and Osama bin Laden is dead.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now part of President Obama's platform last fall was the assertion that on his watch terror agencies were badly damaged. But if organized terrorists did indeed kill Ambassador Stevens that claim would have been dubious. A few weeks after the Benghazi attack, Fox News analyst Charles Krauthammer said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER, FOX NEWS ANALYST: Of course, it affects the President because just a week earlier they had been proclaiming the death of bin Laden, of course, and by implication and often by statement at Charlotte over and over again how they had disseminated and removed the threat from al Qaeda. And this is a direct -- it was a direct takedown of that claim.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, anti-Obama forces are looking forward, looking forward to the House Oversight Committee hearings because they want to put the State Department officials on the record. The anti-Obama folks want to do that.
But what about the regular folks, what about the American people? Do they really care about the story? According to a recent Fox News poll 46 percent of registered voters believe the Obama administration is covering up what happened in Benghazi; 43 percent say they are not covering up anything. So we have a split.
We also have apathy. More and more it seems Americans would rather watch the Jodi Arias murder trial than pay attention to how the country is being run. If you don't believe me, go down to the mall tomorrow and casually ask some folks about what they think about Benghazi. Two words are likely to emerge... blank looks.
The Obama administration and that includes Hillary Clinton made a calculation that the American people simply don't care about the Benghazi story. We will see how things play out this week.
And that's "The Memo."

