By Bill O'Reilly
Republicans in the House today said they'll demand -- demand a one- year delay in the rollout of Obamacare. The Democratic-controlled Senate will not go along because this is President Obama's signature achievement. Today the President spoke in Maryland touting the benefits of Obamacare which kicks in on January 1st.
Mr. Obama believing all will turn out well. Obviously the issue has polarized Americans. So the question that at this point Obamacare seems chaotic everybody knows that. This week the Department of Health and Human Services announced younger Americans will pay substantially more for health insurance under Obamacare. To be fair uninsured people and some elderly Americans will benefit, but in the end it will all come down to convenience of care and cost. And that will shake out fairly quickly next year and then we'll know for sure.
Last night President Clinton shifted the great political divide in America to cable news.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CLINTON: I used to worry word that CNN was going to do -- lose too many viewers because --
PIERS MORGAN, CNN ANCHOR: There is no fear of that Mr. President. We are storming ahead.
(CROSSTALK)
CLINTON: No, no let me -- obviously. No, yes you are doing better but you're more entertaining now which is good. And Fox News had this big base and they know it's very carefully done, psychologically and substantively. And we just -- everything is serving to polarize the country.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: "Talking Points" does not believe that Fox News, the media or any other entity is polarizing America. It's the Obama administration driving that. The President was elected to change America. That's what he said he would do. And he has largely kept that promise. This country is now much different than it was in 2008.
The problem is the country is weaker. And the economy is still problematic. Wages for working Americans have actually gone down on President Obama's watch.
So it's not the media, Fox News or anybody else that's creating division its politics. There are millions of Americans who still like President Obama, but his job approval rating is falling fast -- 43 percent in the latest CBS News/"New York Times" poll. Fox News is set up to report that kind of information and analyze why it's happening and we do. Unlike some other networks, FNC encourages robust debate from all kinds of people.
As you may know there is an intense debate right now over how Republicans are handling Obamacare. Some FNC commentators side with Senator Ted Cruz who wants to just blow it up. Others like Charles Krauthammer, Brit Hume, Bernie Goldberg say that allowing Obamacare to fail is the best course of action if you want to roll back the entire nanny state. That debate is healthy, and it's going on right here.
A bit later on we'll talk with Eric Bolling who was criticized by Bernie Goldberg earlier this week. So summing up the Obama administration has tried to move -- move the country dramatically left. And many of the President's policies are not working and that's causing the polarization. Fox News is reporting that, not creating it.
And that's "The Memo."

