
By Scott Brown
As you know, I was the United States Senator from Massachusetts for about three years. I speak with many of my former staff and colleagues on a regular basis and remain plugged in.
So what if I told you that the leaders in both the House and the Senate along with the Vice President are actually close to solving our country's most vexing financial problems? Things likes a astronomical gas prices, long lines at the airport and out-of-control national debt?
That's not all. Medicare, Social Security and Obamacare will all be fixed and made self-sufficient for generations to come.
If you are saying to yourselves wow, that seems too good to be true, you would be right. It's April Fools' Day and the April Fools' joke is, guess what -- it's on all of us. I find it ridiculous that we are grateful when gas prices come down just a few pennies, we shouldn't feel lucky to pay $3.63 a gallon for gas.
And while we are talking about April Fools' jokes, here is another one. Our energy policy or lack thereof. It's also a joke that there is no effort to address the long lines and other cuts at our airports being brought on by sequester. The joke is also on us that there is no effort to reel in our out-of-control debt.
When I was in D.C. the national debt was just under $12 trillion. Today, it's almost $17 trillion and counting. Sadly, the joke is on us that after four years of not having a budget, the Senate passes a sham budget that does not balance and actually increases the debt.
And Medicare, Social Security, and Obamacare are going to bankrupt the country if we don't have an immediate, mature and bipartisan conversation on how to save and strengthen them. Individuals and businesses are coming to realize finally that they were sold a bad bill of goods. Premiums are going up. People are losing the doctors that they grew up with. The one size fits all approach being implemented across the board, you know what? It's not working.
And the new taxes to pay for it, listen, they are hurting businesses, growth and expansion. Everyday in D.C. is April Fools' day. And once again, the joke is on us and on you.
And that's "The Memo."

