
By Bill O'Reilly
As you may know, I spend a lot of time analyzing media coverage of the political scene in this country. I do that because what the media reports shapes public opinion and gives President Obama, for example, a strong advantage in the national debate.
Not since John Kennedy has a president received such soft coverage by the national press. And now they're even admitting it.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MICHAEL HASTINGS, AUTHOR AND JOURNALIST: The presence of Obama even on the Press Corps. Even on the people who faun everyday when they're near him they lose their mind sometimes. You know they start behaving in ways that are juvenile and amateurish and they swoon.
MARTIN BASHIR, MSNBC HOST: And of course you don't.
HASTINGS: Oh I do. I do, I do, oh I totally. Oh man.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Oh man, indeed. It is widely believed that Hillary Clinton will run for president after Mr. Obama leaves office in 2016. It is also believed in conservative circles that Mrs. Clinton will receive very favorable press coverage.
This week, she testified in front of Congress about the massive screw up in Libya that led to the assassination of Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans. Now, you would think that press coverage of the testimony would have been tough. You would think.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BRIAN WILLIAMS, NBC NEWS: After four years in office, roughly a million miles flown, 112 nations visited; in the past few weeks alone she has fought illness and injury including hospitalization. She leaves her post as the most admired woman in the world in the Gallup poll for the 11th year in a row. Well today Hillary Clinton was under fire and at times fired back.
DIANE SAWYER, ABC NEWS: Last stand, Secretary Hillary Clinton filled with fiery emotion in her last appearance before Congress.
HILLARY CLINTON, SECRETARY OF STATE: What difference at this point does it make?
SAWYER: The indignation and then the tears in her eyes.
CLINTON: I put my arms around the mothers and fathers and the wives left alone to raise their children.
SAWYER: It was a valedictory that showed her indignation and emotion.
MARTHA RADDATZ, ABC NEWS REPORTER: America's top diplomat came to the Hill ready for a fight.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All we need is a theme from "Rocky", right? Da-da-da, da-da-da -- ready for a fight. Yo, Adrian!
There will come a point when the American people will walk away from the national media if that stuff continues. Already surveys show that most younger Americans think what they get on the net is as credible as what they get in the press.
And you know what? Those young people aren't far off. The national media absolutely in the tank for liberal causes. We the people, not getting the straight story.
And that's "The Memo."

