

O'REILLY: And in the "Impact" segment tonight, reaction to the "Talking Points" and to the continuing problems of Obamacare.
Joining us now from Long Island, New York -- Christopher Hahn --
(AUDIO GAP)
CHRISTOPHER HAHN, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: Well, you know, I think we're missing the nuance point here. It's not the President and the ACA that's canceling plans. Individual private insurance companies are deciding rather than meet the standards in existing plans to offer their customers new plans. The private sector is making the choice to cancel these plans and the President cannot do it. Now, I know some in Congress want to make the private sector do something but that wouldn't work either.
O'REILLY: Ok but that's not really the debate. The debate is the President knew that these private insurance companies were not going to be able to afford to include all the things that are mandated by the federal government. Thus, he knew they would cancel millions of plans and he knew that premiums for some Americans, like myself would go up. Yet, he deceived us. He did not say that and that is the crux of the debate.
So then I advanced the story by saying the reason he did this is because he believes the greater good is served by having Obamacare, so O'Reilly and the other people are going to get hurt, well, we can afford it. He actually said that to me, personally, hey, Bill, you can afford it but and I the President are not going to level about it that's what's going on here. Or am I wrong?
HAHN: Well I look, I think every politician that tries to sell their ideas accentuates the positive and tries to eliminate the negatives. And I don't think the President is any different in that regard.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: But not every politician -- not every politician and we have a lively debate going on, on THE FACTOR whether he lied or not. I say that there is not evidence that you can use that word yet but many viewers disagree. However, the "The Washington Post," a liberal newspaper, all right, gives him four Pinocchios yesterday in Boston for going back to the healthcare plan if you like it you can keep it?
HAHN: Yes.
O'REILLY: Now even -- even there Mr. Hahn as a Democrat -- I don't know whether you as a Democrat see the danger that your party is facing by having your head, Barack Obama, being called a liar by the likes of "The Washington Post" do you not see the danger?
HAHN: I absolutely see the danger. And I wish the President would stop saying that if you like your plan you can keep your plan. He should have said --
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: Ok, ok all right. Good, good -- now we're getting somewhere. You wish he would stop saying it. So why then --
HAHN: Absolutely. I wish --
O'REILLY: Why then does he continue to say it?
HAHN: I think he's being insulated by the people around him and he's got to start fessing up to the American people.
O'REILLY: You don't think he reads "The Washington Post" or knows what we're saying here on THE FACTOR? I can assure you he does. I can assure you every morning --
HAHN: I hope he is.
O'REILLY: He gets a briefing of all the major media and what they are saying. I can assure you that he gets that.
HAHN: I am sure you are right. And I think it's time for the President to have an adult conversation with the American people and say that the plans that you're going to be offered now are going to be more comprehensive. They're not going to have lifetime bans. They're not going to have limits. They're not going to get dropped because you get sick.
O'REILLY: These are all what he said --
HAHN: These are all what the American people wants.
O'REILLY: Look, there are good things about Obamacare. All right? There are. But they all could have been accomplished by individual laws being passed not this big government colossus. All right however, the question that is bothering me and I think millions of people watching us right now. Is that you have a President of the United States not telling the truth over and over and over again and even after he's exposed, he continues not to tell the truth. Is that arrogance? What is that?
HAHN: I think it's the isolation of the office.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: But I just told you and you agreed that he does - he does see.
HAHN: I know but I do -- but then he walks out on to the stage and everybody is patting him on the back and say go out there and say this. I will tell you this -- I think this is going to be a great thing for the American people to step in the right direction. And it think that's for now and we're going to love it.
O'REILLY: Oh you don't know that, that's speculation. Look a year from now you might be right Mr. Hahn we have you on tape you might be the smartest kid on the block. But you also might be desperately wrong. Because so far your side has been desperately wrong. In spite of a billion dollars and three and a half years of preparation the whole thing is a mess -- a chaotic mess. So you haven't been right so far.
HAHN: I think we're all open to discuss it make it tighter and make it better. I think the Republicans should come to the table with their ideas. I haven't seen any of them yet. And I would like see them come to the table and negotiate and talk about things in an open and honest way.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: Wait a minute. I mean the Republican idea is fairly clear -- delay the whole thing for a year until you work it out. Come on that's the Republican idea and that seems to be fair to me.
HAHN: They only offer delay. They offer no solution. They were not part of the -- they were not part of the process when we originally tapped it.
O'REILLY: Mr. Hahn, so if you're going on a family vacation and there is a hurricane that hits the island of Aruba. You delay your vacation, right? You don't fly into the storm, do you? So you're saying well we just want a delay. Delay is the right thing to do.
HAHN: Well you know, you and I have a lot of experience with hurricanes being Long Islanders.
O'REILLY: That's right.
HAHN: But I will tell you this right now. I will tell you this right now. This Web site rollout mistakes and debacles that are happening are not enough to delay the program. I think by December 15th if people can't enroll at will then of course we can talk about delaying the penalty portion of it but I think it's time to get the American people in a position where they have the rights that they deserve when they address their healthcare needs and I think this bill takes a step in that right direction.
I would have preferred single payer as would most Democrats. But look, this is what we have got. I think it's a good step and it's a good start.
O'REILLY: All right. But you know most Americans disagree with you right now and it will be interesting to see if that disagreement rises. Mr. Hahn as always, thank you.


