
By Bill O'Reilly
This woman, Samira Ibrahim, an Egyptian women's rights activist was supposed to be honored by the State Department tomorrow in Washington receiving the International Woman of Courage Award. Scheduled to attend Secretary John Kerry and First Lady Michelle Obama, who is set to laud her for challenging Egypt's so-called virginity test where women were abused by government doctors.
Now there's no question Miss Ibrahim has shown bravery but she's also shown something else. Anti-Semitism and anti-Americanism. At the attack in Bulgaria last summer that killed five Jews Miss Ibrahim tweeted "Today is a very sweet day with a lot of sweet news."
Last August she quoted Adolf Hitler. "No act contrary to morality, no crime against society, takes place except with the Jews having a hand in it."
And when a mob attacked the U.S. Embassy in Cairo last September 11th Miss Ibrahim tweeted "Today is the anniversary of 9/11, may every year come with America burning."
Amazing right, that this woman, this woman was chosen by the U.S. State Department to be honored? "The Weekly Standard" edited by Fox News guy Bill Kristol who first exposed the madness and today the State Department surrendered.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
VICTORIA NULAND: We at the department became aware very late in the process about Samira Ibrahim's alleged public comments. After careful consideration we've decided that we should defer preventing this award to Miss Ibrahim this year so that we have a chance to look further into these statements.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Careful consideration, please? "Careful consideration" should have gone into choosing the international honorees and obviously it did not. For the record, Miss Ibrahim says her Twitter account was hacked, but that's hokum. Her statements have been displayed for months without her ever taking them down.
The secretary's position speaks for the chaos that is the U.S. Department of State. We saw it in Benghazi, Libya. We are seeing it again now. John Kerry better reorganize this very important department quickly. It is an acute embarrassment to America.
And that's "The Memo."

