
By Bill O'Reilly
Last week we told you the Boston terror suspects had to have help. They couldn't have done what they did without training and money. The FBI is investigating that angle right now. They are over in Russia.
Today federal agents arrested three men in Massachusetts who allegedly helped Dzhokhar Tsarnaev after the bombing occurred; the feds believe they hid evidence. 20-year-old Azamat Tazhayakov and 19-year-old Dias Kadyrbayev both attended the University of Massachusetts with Dzhokhar. They are exchange students from Kazakhstan. Also arrested an American citizen 19-year-old Robel Phillipos, a University of Massachusetts student from Cambridge. We don't have his picture yet.
Now think about this, these guys knew their pal had been arrested for the terror bombing and decided to help him anyway... unbelievable. Reports are the men have confessed to the crime of aiding the accused terrorist by obstructing and lying to federal agents. Their lawyers say they are innocent but that's what all lawyers say.
And there is obviously a huge problem at the University of Massachusetts. What kind of students are they accepting anyway? Four bad seeds on campus? How many more?
"Talking Points" believes the wife of slain terrorist Tamerlan Tsarnaev may have some exposure here as well. Remember, authorities were searching for the bombers for days before their pictures were released. And even then did the wife Katherine Russell alert the feds? Did she do anything?
The Commonwealth of Massachusetts is a magnet for students from all over the world. That used to be a strength when I went to school there but now there is suspicion especially on the Muslim students. Each university and college in the Bay State is responsible for the students they accept. Commonwealth is responsible for the people it supports. As we reported last night the terrorists and their family received much taxpayer money along the way. Along with the ongoing criminal investigation, there should be a state investigation to what exactly is happening in the welfare and university precincts.
And that's "The Memo."

