
By Bill O'Reilly
Devastating testimony today by Americans who say they were unfairly treated by the IRS. Those telling the House Ways and Means Committee their stories were all members of conservative groups seeking tax exempt status. Among the allegations; the IRS stalled their applications, asked them inappropriate questions about their beliefs and gave their private information to liberal groups who opposed them.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOHN EASTMAN, NATIONAL ORGANIZATION FOR MARRIAGE: In March of 2012, the confidential portions of our 990 tax returns, including Schedule B, which is our list of major donors and their home addresses, appeared on the Web site of the Human Rights Campaign, our principal political opponent in the nationwide fight over traditional marriage.
KEVIN KOOKOGEY, LINCHPINS OF LIBERTY: In order to raise money, I filed an application with the IRS in January of 2011 seeking to obtain 501 C3 status as an educational organization. As of today I've been waiting for 29 months without status.
The types of questions asked by the IRS included asking me to identify the political affiliation of my mentors. And that I advise the IRS of my political position on virtually every issue of importance to me.
BECKY GERRITSON: I'm not here as a serf or a vassal. I'm not begging my lord for mercy. I'm a born-free American woman, wife, mother and citizen. And I'm telling my government that you've forgotten your place.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Off-the-chart disturbing. And it was interesting to watch liberal Congressman Jim McDermott who's on that committee, try to defend the IRS conduct. And we've asked the Congressman to appear with us tomorrow. We'll let you know what happens.
But many honest liberal people clearly see the danger of having a powerful government agency treating Americans unfairly based upon political beliefs. That's what fascists and communist governments do.
My pal Jon Stewart said this last night.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JON STEWART, TALK SHOW HOST: Oh no. Poor babies, the IRS facing scrutiny! People getting all up in their business.
O'REILLY: There is disturbing information. This man former IRS Commissioner Douglas Shulman visited the White House, ready? 157 times.
What the heck was Mr. Shulman doing at the White House with that kind of frequency?
STEWART: Whoa, whoa, clear the ladies from the room. IRS, your tomfoolery almost made Bill O'Reilly say h-e double toothpick.
O'REILLY: You must explain under oath what you were doing at the White House on 157 separate occasions.
STEWART: Yes that is a lot, Shulman. Especially since having the President to tell you to use the power of the IRS to destroy his political enemies on the right should really only take about one meeting, two tops.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: You know as a satire guy, Stewart can say that; as a fact guy I can't. What I can say is that the White House still has not told the nation what the hell, there you go, Stewart, Douglas Shulman was doing in the White House all those times. What's the holdup, Mr. President? How about that transparency deal?
Finally, here is a piece of information you should know. Shulman's wife Susan Anderson, big time left-wing person, supporter of the Occupy Wall Street Movement. So when you hear Democrats say that Shulman is a non-ideological guy, please keep that in mind.
And that's "The Memo."

