
By Bill O'Reilly
On day eight of the shutdown both sides upped the rhetoric. Last night, "Talking Points" suggested a one-year reprieve for folks who don't want to buy into ObamaCare, this because of the chaos surrounding the implementation of it and the waivers the president has already granted to some business concerns. This morning Republicans echoed that.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CANTOR: If you're having a hard time using ObamaCare's broken Web site, you shouldn't be penalized for not signing up this year. Very simple. That's all we were asking for. A one-year delay of that tax is more than fair given how poorly the rollout of ObamaCare has been.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, a few hours later President Obama replied.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: What we haven't been able to get are serious positions from the Republicans that would allow us to actually resolve some core differences. The greatest nation on earth shouldn't have to get permission from a few irresponsible members of Congress every a couple of months just to keep our government open or to prevent an economic catastrophe.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: The core difference as the president puts it is this, Republicans believe ObamaCare as it has developed will drastically harm the country. But democrats believe the exact opposite and the Democrats have the law on their side.
But Mr. Obama opened the door to some changes with the waiver deal. Once he did that, a legal battle began. The Obama administration says it has the legal authority to grant any health insurance waivers it wants under Section 7805 of the tax code. It's complicated and only litigation, which would take years, will settle it. But I continue to hope that the president will bend and let the folks who want ObamaCare sign up, while the folks who don't want it get a year waiver because at that time, one year from now, hard evidence will be available to see just how good the law is for the country. If President Obama would make that compromise Republicans would stop obstructing the government.
The situation is getting to a point where we the people are sustaining damage. The stock market is down. China is angry that all the U.S. bonds they hold may be in jeopardy and the worldwide economy is slowing so something has to give but I can't predict what that will be.
And that's "The Memo."

