
By Bill O'Reilly
As you may know, the Obama campaign was successful in demonizing Mitt Romney. They defined him as out-of-touch, a rich guy who doesn't care about the folks. And the Governor was not able to counter that propaganda campaign. So the left has learned a very important lesson; marginalize your opponent early and often.
Enter Marco Rubio who committed the grave sin of taking a drink of water during his speech on Tuesday night. That gave the propaganda people on the left a big time opening. On MSNBC they played the Senator's video, the water video 155 times, 101 times on the Maddow program alone. On CNN they played the video 34 times, even using a chyron saying "Career Ender?" with a question mark. CNN spokesman says that was just a tease.
By the way Fox News ran the video about Rubio 12 times. So you can see what's in play. Let's diminish Marco Rubio. Let's make him a buffoon so he will not be able to challenge liberal orthodoxy.
The pipeline goes this way. The TV news operation starts something and it's picked up by the late night comedians.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JAY LENO, TALK SHOW HOST: I've seen the most impressive thing about President Obama's speech last night he did the whole thing without a single drink of water.
JIMMY KIMMEL, TALK SHOW HOST: Why was the water so far away? It would have been -- it would have been less awkward if he reached down the front of his pants to get it. It would have been less awkward had he been wearing one of these on his head during the speech.
JON STEWART, TALK SHOW HOST: I'm sorry, just I'm nervous tonight for some reason. I'm just sweating a bit so I just had to just -- I'm just going to -- just going to -- get something to drink here.
STEPHEN COLBERT, TALK SHOW HOST: True professional knows, you know, how to cover. You just cover your problem by always maintaining eye contact with the home viewer.
DAVID LETTERMAN, TALK SHOW HOST: Top Ten things going through Marco Rubio's mind at this moment. Number five that looked presidential, right?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, after all that the message gets to the folks; Rubio is a rube. So you can see what a powerful advantage this is for the Democratic Party. I think it's safe to say that if a liberal politician took a drink of water during a speech, MSNBC would not have played it 155 times.
Now, there is nothing we the people can do about any of this. It's just the state of America today. TV news has morphed into propaganda.
But Marco Rubio and other Republicans better understand the world. Rubio is being smart by making a joke out of it. But he should also address the serious issue involved. The left will do anything, anything to marginalize the Senator.
And that's "The Memo."

