
By Bill O'Reilly
You may have heard that the small country of Cyprus in the
Mediterranean is totally broke. And one proposal from the Cypriot government
was to forcibly, forcibly take money out of personal bank accounts on the
island, steal it from the folks. Steal it to pay their bills.
Now the outcry was immediate and it will not happen but the
lesson is important for Americans. Greece, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Ireland, now
Cyprus all broke. And other European nations are close. Why? Because they are
nanny states and there are not enough workers to support all the entitlements
these progressive paradises are handing out.
Enter the Congressional Progressive Caucus right here in the
USA. It contains 73 members, all of them Democrats except the Socialist Bernie
Sanders from Vermont who is Independent. The CPC wants a 49 percent federal
income tax rate on top earners. They want half. And they don't want many
deductions for those folks. Also the Congressional Progressive Caucus wants
even more government spending. $2.5 trillion more on, quote, "job
creation." Another $2.2 trillion on things like science, energy, the
environment and education. Also the CPC does not want to cut entitlements. And
wants to give unemployed Americans 99 weeks of cash compensation. Nearly two
years.
The question is what does President Obama think of the
Congressional Progressive Caucus? My opinion, he likes it! I don't think the
President believes that crew is fanatical because they want what he wants. And
by the way, the far-left kooks do want to cut one thing, defense spending. They
want to bring that back down to 2006 level. Somewhere Iran is cheering.
As "Talking Points" has said on more than one
occasion there comes a point when Americans are going to have to decide what
country — what kind of country they want. Even taking half of what affluent
Americans earn, feds couldn't possibly afford what the far left wants to
provide. So we would eventually become Greece or Cyprus if the U.S. dollar
collapses and people stop lending us money.
Some conservatives believe that's exactly what the far-left
wants. A collapse of the entire capitalistic system. Some on the right believe
that President Obama is actively working toward that. Certainly Senator Bernie
Sanders of Vermont wants socialism in this country and so do most of his
compatriots on the crazy caucus. Yet, Americans continue to elect them.
And that's "The Memo."
Memo" weeknights at 8 and 11 p.m. ET on the Fox News Channel and any time
on foxnews.com/oreilly. Send your
comments to: oreilly@foxnews.com.

