
By Bill O'Reilly
All over the country, Americans are attacking other Americans over political issues. On Sunday, June 30th in Seattle, two Christian activists showed up at a gay pride rally holding signs saying "Repent or else" and "Jesus saves from sin." The two men were attacked.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That's a big (EXPLETIVE DELETED) if I were you I would (EXPLETIVE DELETED) --
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (EXPLETIVE DELETED) --
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Seattle police have arrested two men, the fat guy who was slugging him and I think that's the guy, well, I shouldn't say, but one of the men arrested has nine felonies, nine on his rap sheet. Now, obviously this is very disturbing, yes, the Christians were looking to be provocative, but, that's no excuse for violence. If gays really want to be proud, they'll overlook criticism like that.
On another political issue, tensions are also rising. Immigration reform has divided Republicans. In favor, Marco Rubio, John McCain Orrin Hatch, Jeb and George W. Bush; against Rand Paul, Mitch McConnell, Ted Cruz, Rush Limbaugh and Sarah Palin.
Here's what former President Bush said yesterday.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BUSH: I think it's very important to fix a broken system, to treat people with respect and have confidence in our capacity to assimilate people. It's a very difficult bill to pass because there is a lot of moving parts. And the legislative process is -- can be ugly.
But it looks like they are making some progress.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, "Talking Points" believes that immigration reform will pass this year. I also think the Senate bill can be made much better by the House of Representatives. Loopholes need to be closed and border security should be paramount in the new law. But if you're going to oppose any kind of work legalization for millions of illegal aliens you're going to lose.
Majority of Americans understand that the immigration chaos is partially the government's fault. We could have secured the southern border a long time ago, but the feds wouldn't do it. And we certainly can prosecute people who overstay their visas. But again, the Justice Department doesn't care.
The bitterness over immigration does the Republican Party no good at all. Fair-minded Americans do not want unfair policies. So, immigration must be dealt with in a disciplined, but humane manner.
Now, as far as the far left loons you saw running wild in Seattle, there is little hope for them. Beating people up because you disagree with them is a crime. The far-left in America continues to damage this country.
And that's "The Memo."

