
By Bill O'Reilly
Speaking at the United Nations today, the president was very clear that he believes the U.N. has been wimpy when it comes to confronting situations like Syria. Mr. Obama is saying to the world that the tyrant Assad is a child killer who violated human rights laws.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: U.N. inspectors gave a clear accounting that advanced rockets fired large quantities of sarin gas at civilians. These rockets were fired from a regime-controlled neighborhood and landed in opposition neighborhoods. It's an insult to human reason and to the legitimacy of this institution to suggest that anyone other than the regime carried out this attack.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Talking Points agrees with Mr. Obama on that point, but also well understands that the U.N. doesn't care whether Assad killed children with gas. Most countries simply don't want to take any military action at any time, for any reason.
Now, whether President Obama understands what he's up against the U.N., I don't know. Nevertheless, he warned the United Nations that there would be consequences if Syria does not give up its chemical weapons and he urged the U.N. to back him if Assad defies the world.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: If we cannot agree even on this, then it will show that the United Nations is incapable of enforcing the most basic of international laws. I've made it clear that even when America's core interests are not directly threatened, we stand ready to do our part to prevent mass atrocities and protect basic human rights. But we cannot and should not bear that burden alone.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: And that's true. The USA should not have to be the world's policeman.
Then Mr. Obama went on to warn the U.N. that Americans are getting fed up with having to do all the heavy lifting. Over the past 12 years we have spent trillions of dollars and thousands of our brave military men and women have been killed or injured trying to bring some sense of justice to the world.
Now, I know you left-wing kooks don't believe that, but you know what? I don't care. If you people want to think your country is villainous, you go right ahead. But history backs me up. And if you know anything about the U.S. military, you know how much good those people have done in protecting innocent civilians from villains like Saddam and the Taliban.
"Talking Points" believes the United Nations is a largely cowardly body, a bunch of pencil pushers who couldn't care less what happens in the world as long as they get their big expense accounts. So after laying down the Obama Doctrine that America will defend our allies, keep the flow of oil going in the Middle East and confront weapons of mass destruction, the president turned to Iran.
Here he said that Secretary of State John Kerry will negotiate with Iran in the hope they'll stop their nuke weapons program. But Mr. Obama will not meet with the new Iranian leader. Obviously, Iran is not to be trusted and any deal that lifts sanctions against that country would have to be verifiable to the world media, not only to the politicians.
Bottom line, the President's speech was too long, but there were some good moments. Will anything get done at the U.N.? Probably not, especially with Russia and Putin holding veto power.
And that's "The Memo."

