
By Bill O'Reilly
According to reporting by the "Boston Herald", the Tsarnaev family received more than $100,000 in taxpayer-funded assistance since it came to the USA in 2002. As you know, Tamerlan Tsarnaev was shot dead by a police after they tried to arrest him as one of the terror bombers. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev remains in a federal prison hospital in Massachusetts, guarded by the military.
Even though the family was granted asylum in the USA and got an amazing amount of money from we, the people, the mother is accusing America of murder.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ZUBEIDAT TSARNAEV, MOTHER OF BOSTON BOMBING SUSPECTS: What have you done with my son? He was alive. Why did they need to kill him? Why didn't they send him to the Guantanamo or whatever? Why did they kill him? Why? Why did he... why did they have to kill him?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Disgraceful. Perhaps Fox News anchor Jeanine Pirro put it best.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PIRRO: You came to suck the fat of our land, to take our money, to educate your terrorist sons, to steal from us, to go on public assistance, to get housing and food stamps while you drive your Mercedes Benz. All the while your family going back and forth to the very country from which you claim political refuge.
Most Americans can't even afford a vacation. They are losing their homes. If they are lucky enough to have a job, they live check to check.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now this story speaks not only to the immigration mess, that family obviously should never have been in the United States, but also to the welfare chaos.
Why are we, the people, supporting questionable foreign folks? For what reason? The Tsarnaev family wasn't persecuted in southern Russia. They freely went back there as the judge pointed out. The whole thing is a giant con which led to the murders of four Americans and the horrific wounds to scores of others.
Yet, where is the outrage from President Obama, from Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick? In fact, this Patrick is a piece of work. He didn't even want to make public the welfare payments to the Tsarnaev family. He had to be forced to do that by public opinion.
What nerve and, again, where is the outrage? Other than Massachusetts Rep. David Linsky, who is demanding the Tsarnaev situation never happen again? It's sad to say few are doing what Linsky is doing. It's business as usual. Let pretty much anyone into the USA and then pay them with taxpayer money. Beyond belief.
And that's "The Memo."

