By Bill O'Reilly
"New York Post" reporting that job numbers during last year's presidential campaign were manipulated to the President's favor by people in the Census Bureau which is responsible for the stats. The White House quickly denied any wrongdoing.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JAY CARNEY, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: That story is obviously misleading. I think a lot of people shed a lot of credibility engaging in conspiracy theories last fall about, you know, rigged jobs numbers. I have to tell you as somebody who has been here for a long time when month after month after month the jobs numbers came in and then later were revised upward, it sure didn't feel like they were helping us.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: However, President Obama did use the job numbers in question on the campaign trail.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: This morning we found out that the unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since I took office.
On Friday, we found out the unemployment rate has fallen from the height of 10 percent down to 7.8 percent, the lowest since I took office.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, Talking Points cannot say with any certainty whether the job numbers were fixed and apparently a House committee is going to investigate. But you know how these things go. Benghazi was investigated. The IRS was investigated. Fast and Furious, on and on, little is ever accomplished.
The job story reinforces the deep suspicion, the deep suspicion currently enveloping the entire Obama administration. A CBS poll out tonight, again more weighted towards the Democrats, shows the President's job approval rating standing at a dismal 37 percent, the lowest point in that poll in his tenure. The disapproval number 57 percent. It's the same as President Bush had when the Iraq war was at its lowest point.
In fact, Mr. Bush was on the Jay Leno program last night.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JAY LENO, TALK SHOW HOST: Now, I know you've avoided talking policy for the last six or seven years. Explain why.
GEORGE W. BUSH, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I don't think it's good for the country to have a former president criticize his successor.
LENO: Ok, ok. Now -- now, President Obama is kind of getting all the late night jokes now.
BUSH: Better him than me.
LENO: Well, there you are. Are you glad you aren't president now?
BUSH: Yes, I am. Yes, eight years is plenty.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: And I think that's what Barack Obama must be saying as well. But as Talking Points pointed out yesterday all the chaos is hurting we the people. It's hurting us. The economy stalled partially because of Obamacare. And overseas villains like Iran are taking advantage of America's weakened status. When a President becomes unpopular, the unintended consequences of that affect everybody.
Now, "The Factor" will continue to investigate the jobs story and if the numbers were cooked, criminal charges, criminal charges must be filed even by an Attorney General as political as Eric Holder. Tampering with a presidential election -- perhaps the most serious political charge in the book. We need to get to the bottom of this but my question is who is even going to investigate it?
And that's "The Memo."

