By Bill O'Reilly
As we have been reporting, there are so many problems attached to the new affordable care law, it's pretty much impossible to list them all. Yesterday was the first day for the government health insurance exchange. The problem was many Americans could not get through to sign up or to get information or to get a pizza. You just could not get through.
Add to that the fact that the feds will not verify incomes on the exchange, so you can apply for health insurance subsidies even if you're making $18 million bucks a year. How would the feds know?
And then there is your doctor. Is he or she going to take mandated health guidance? Many doctors say no. That may well lead to a shortage of physicians meaning that you have to wait longer to be treated. Hello Canada.
Now, the shutdown of the government over Obamacare is sending another signal to the rest of the world that this country is chaotic. And of course, the entertainment guys are all over it.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
STEPHEN COLBERT, COMEDIAN: The government of the United States officially closed for business. Finally, a chance to use our famous nation-building skills right at home.
JIMMY KIMMEL, TALK SHOW HOST: Congress is still getting paid. Let me tell you something, I want the names of the idiots who elected these people. Oh, wait. Oh it's us? Never mind.
JIMMY FALLON, TALK SHOW HOST: Maybe if you just explained Obamacare we would be able to solve this issue quicker.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: To help insure all Americans.
FALLON: But what does that mean?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No (EXPLETIVE DELETED) clue.
LENO: I am glad the government is shutdown. Think about it for the first time in years it's safe to talk on the phone and send e-mails without anybody listening in.
DAVID LETTERMAN, TALK SHOW HOST: Anybody go to the Harbor today to look at the Statue of Liberty? There is the Statue of Liberty. They got it. They got it tarped up.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
As "Talking Points" has suggested, the sane thing to do would be for President Obama to give individuals the same treatment he has given some corporations, that is, a one year waiver for signing up for Obamacare. If you want to sign up now, can you can; that is, if you can get through but if you would rather wait and see you can. We the people should be given that option if President Obama would agree to that the Republicans would stop the funding chaos.
So there you have it Obamacare is a mess. The government shutdown is embarrassing and there is a sane compromise available.
And that's "The Memo."

