
By Bill O'Reilly
The 59-year-old new Jersey Democrat has been in the Senate for seven years and is now is the chairman of the powerful Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
Last April an anonymous source leveled allegations that Menendez took private jet trips to the Dominican Republic, which he did not disclosed as required by Senate rules. The accuser also stated that Menendez and his friend, Dr. Salomon Melgen, the owner of the jet hired underage Dominican prostitutes. Senator Menendez denies that allegation.
(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)
BREITBART NEWS: I just wanted to talk to you just about the allegations coming from the FBI about the prostitution allegations.
MENENDEZ: I have no comment on that. I'm not going to dignify that story.
BREITBART NEWS: So you're saying the FBI is...
MENENDEZ STAFFER: Excuse me, we have to go.
MENENDEZ: I said I have no comment and I'm not going to dignify that story.
(END AUDIO CLIP)
O'REILLY: The FBI now involved in the case, raiding the Florida office of Doctor Melgen. Reports in the "Miami Herald" say the doctor is being investigated for a number of things, including fraud. Menendez is in big trouble. He has now reimbursed $58,500 for the private jets but there's no question that he broke senate rules. The whole story is beginning to unravel. Melgen has donated thousands of dollars to Menendez and other big name Democrats. In fact Bill and Hillary Clinton even vacationed at the doctor's home in Casa de Campo.
Yesterday the office of Menendez but not the Senator himself issued this statement, quote, "Dr. Melgen has been a friend and political reporter of Senator Menendez for many years. Senator Menendez has traveled on Dr. Melgen's plane on three occasions, all of which have been paid for and reported appropriately. Any allegations of engaging with prostitutes are manufactured by a politically-motivated right-wing blog and are false."
We asked Senator Menendez for another statement today he did not send one. The office statement refers to the "Daily Caller" web site run by Fox News contributor, Tucker Carlson. Senate Majority Leader, Harry Reid attacked "The Caller" on Tuesday.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. HARRY REID (D-NV), MAJORITY LEADER: I always consider the source and all anyone here has to look at is the source where this comes from. It's a source that has brought up a lot of non-issues.
Don't... I've told you how I feel about the source of this stuff. It's really, very, very typical for the source.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, all fair-minded Americans will presume that Senator Menendez is innocent until proven guilty of any criminal allegations, but in general, exploiting children is the worst possible scenario for any politician, and Menendez has to know that. The evidence clearly shows that he was not up front about the jet trips, but that's a trifle compared to the underage prostitution allegations.
For those of us in the media who want to be responsible and fair it's a very tough story to cover and The Factor held it back for some time. But now, the story has advanced far beyond the rumor stage. As an American, I hope Menendez did not have anything to do with exploiting children... I hope.
And that's "The Memo."

