
By Bill O'Reilly
Here is where we are right now. The House expected to send yet another bill back to the Senate that says this should be a one year delay of forcing Americans to buy health insurance.
Also the new measure would force members of Congress and their employees to pay the full vote for their health coverage rather than get any subsidies. If the Senate says no, which is of course it will, the government could shut down except for essential supervisors.
Earlier today President Obama sounded defiant.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The Affordable Care Act is moving forward. That funding is already in place. You can't shut it down. This is a law that passed both Houses of Congress, a law that bears my signature; a law that the Supreme Court upheld as constitutional, a law that voters chose not to repeal last November, a law that is already providing benefits to millions of Americans.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: But surely President Obama can grant a waiver to folks who are not ready to sign up for ObamaCare. He's done that for corporations and other concerns, right?
The big problem is that ObamaCare is a mess. No one knows how many doctors will participate. No one knows what the level of care will be. Will it take weeks to see a physician or schedule minor surgery?
So the solution is to give Americans a choice. If you want to sign up beginning tomorrow for ObamaCare, you can. If you want to opt out, you can for at least a year. And then we'll see if the Affordable Healthcare Act is indeed affordable or a nightmare.
The congressional health stuff is a ruse. It should be discarded immediately it doesn't mean anything. Huge questions about Obamacare are in play this evening. For example the feds are not doing background checks to certify incomes. That means a person could lie and get a subsidy here that she is not entitled to. The potential for fraud is massive.
Insurance deductibles are still not defined so while the cost of health policy may go down for some, the deductible could go up and you get hosed. Many companies like Home Depot are stopping medical insurance coverage completely for part-time employees and some insurers like Aetna backing away from policies associated with Obamacare.
So confusion reigns. But the big thing is the doctors. How many of them will participate? A shortage of doctors, disastrous.
President Obama and the Republicans should have hashed all this out months ago, but both parties are too busy playing politics to look out for the folks. "Talking Points" expects a compromise will eventually be reached but all this drama surely reinforces the belief that measure system is rotten and corrupt. And tonight it's hard to say it is not.
And that's "The Memo."

