
By Bill O'Reilly
The two sides are digging in. In this corner, President Obama who says the affordable health care law will go forward because it was legally passed. In the other corner, Speaker of the House John Boehner and the Republicans who say the law is chaotic and mandatory signups should be delayed by one year. And if that doesn't happen, the House will not pass a resolution to fund the government thus the shutdown. At this point, neither side is compromising.
A new poll by NBC is interesting. In it the country is evenly divided at 49 percent over whether folks are confused by ObamaCare or not. When asked if they are enthusiastic about it, just 24 percent say yes; 73 percent say no.
But a new Quinnipiac poll is bad news for Republicans. On the question of do you support or oppose Congress shutting down the government over ObamaCare, just 22 percent support; 72 percent oppose. Also the people were asked who they'd vote for if congressional elections were held today instead of November 2014; 34 percent said they vote Republican; 43 percent said Democrat. Now some pundits believe that number reflects how the ObamaCare government shutdown mess is being reported.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MARK HALPERIN, POLITICAL ANALYST: The White House does not have much incentive because they think -- they think those trends are going to go in their direction by the end of the week or early next week at the latest because, again, the press is largely sympathetic to their arguments on this that it's the House Republicans' fault.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: And indeed there is some angst over how the story is being played.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ASHLEIGH BANFIELD, CNN ANCHOR: Why connect the funding of the government, the entire U.S. economy? Why bring it to this brink? Why not do it at all the other times, all of the other 100-plus congresses have been able to fund the government.
REP. DANA ROHRABACHER (R), CALIFORNIA: Well have you addressed that to the Senate? We've already offered a compromise. You're acting -- you're telling your listeners that we Republicans are holding this up and the government is going to shutdown. We have actually reached out to the Democrats with a compromised position we passed it --
BANFIELD: Congressman, that's not fair, don't you dare put this back on me. You know full well, no, no, you know full well you've attached ObamaCare, and defunding it.
ROHRABACHER: Ashleigh hold on, hold on. Now you interrupted -- wait a minute, hold on, am I your guest on this news show.
BANFIELD: And you cannot make something up, you cannot make something up.
ROHRABACHER: Am I a guest on your show or am I here to listen to the (inaudible) -- am I guest on your news show or are you here to give us a tirade?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Once again Talking Points believe the compromise should be accepted. If Americans want to sign up for ObamaCare, please do so. But if you don't, Mr. Obama should grant the same one-year waiver to individuals as he has to some companies. That makes sense, does it not?
Let's see how the new law plays out and take it up again next summer before the midterm elections. Right?
And that's "The Memo."

