By Bill O'Reilly
With Obamacare descending into chaos, the President and the Democratic Party are in a perilous place right now. Americans are starting to figure out that the government-controlled healthcare industry is likely to be a nightmare on many fronts.
So why, why won't the feds fix this situation before imposing it on we, the people. The answer is that Obamacare is just part of a vision for the forced sharing of American assets. The strategy is largely kept quiet but there have been hints.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (I), VERMONT: The great civil rights issue of our time and that is the need for every man, woman and child to have healthcare is a right and not a privilege.
DENNIS KUCINICH (D), FORMER OHIO CONGRESSMAN: I believe healthcare is a civil right.
REP. SHEILA JACKSON LEE (D), TEXAS: Although healthcare was not listed per se in the Constitution. It should be a constitutional right.
MELISSA HARRIS-PERRY, MSNBC ANCHOR: You do have the right to have healthcare and to education and to decent housing.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Ms. Perry's point of view is a socialist-communist vision that the state should provide all citizens a certain lifestyle at the expense of other citizens.
If healthcare is a constitutional right, then everything associated with good health would fall into the civil rights category. So your entire environment, house, food, clothing, transportation, mental health would all have to be paid for by the state if you could not afford it. That's a form of communism because no country could afford those payments without seizing the assets of everybody else. It's impossible.
Right now, the USA has a debt of $17 trillion and growing. Some of that debt is because of wars. But most of it is providing entitlements and infrastructure, things like roads, water, police protection and we Americans pay taxes to have those things.
But here in the USA there is a subculture of people who are uneducated, unskilled and/or have mental health problems like addiction. Those people cannot or will not provide for themselves. And that situation is growing. In order to provide for the have-nots, the far left wants the federal government to seize the assets of solvent Americans. That's what Obamacare is all about taking from those who can afford healthcare to provide for those who cannot. No matter what the reason for the insolvency is, it doesn't matter.
By the way the emergency room situation where hospitals are mandated to treat anyone who walks in for free, that's not going to stop under Obamacare. That expense estimated to be $4.5 billion a year would just be added on to the colossal cost of the Affordable Healthcare Act. Ironic, isn't it?
"Talking Points" believes that most Americans don't understand what the deuce is going on in this country. Slick politicians on both sides can easily obscure the truth. But the truth is that the USA at this point in time can't afford to pay for Obamacare unless working Americans give up more of their assets. In some cases much more.
And that's "The Memo."

