
By Bill O'Reilly
First of all, I have to apologize to some left-wing Americans who are actively trying to protect children and babies. I have to speak generally this evening, but I'm aware there are many liberal Americans who are outraged about what's going on.
Now last night we brought you the editorial director of "The Denver Post" newspaper, apparently he opposes Jessica's Law which 44 states have. That law mandates long prison sentences for child rapists and molesters. In Colorado, 41 year-old-man Delbert Wallace Stiewert raped a 13-year-old girl for months, for months. He pled guilty to sexual assault and was sentenced to two years in prison.
Also in Colorado, 47-year-old Jeffrey Bigham, sexually abused a 11- year-old boy almost a thousand times. He got one year in a Colorado prison. So it is simply outrageous that seven Democrats in the Colorado house killed Jessica's Law, saying that the state already has enough sanctions against child predators. It does not.
Speaker of the House, the very liberal Mark Ferrandino, refused to put Jessica's Law up for a full vote. And now "The Denver Post" is sticking up for him.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HUBBARD: Colorado has strong sex offender laws and I don't see...
O'REILLY: I got... I've got a dozen, I've got a dozen child rapists doing less than five years in your state, Mr. Hubbard. Maybe you ought to do a little research about it.
HUBBARD: And they're on lifetime probation which is something unique to Colorado.
O'REILLY: Lifetime probation, ooh, lifetime probation for rape? You know if you had a kid and somebody raped that kid and they got lifetime probation you'd probably be out there with a gun, Mr. Hubbard.
HUBBARD: That's in addition to their prison sentences, Bill.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So the question is why is that man, Curtis Hubbard, "The Post" editorial director really opposed to Jessica's Law? What's behind it?
Now, we have similar situations in Vermont, Illinois, New York and Hawaii which we'll get to in a moment.
In addition it is the left that is now pushing late-term abortion on demand for pretty much any reason under the banner of protecting a woman's health. That's simply barbaric as some late term babies are actually birthed, their spines snapped. There's a so-called doctor in Philadelphia on trial for that right now. Other babies have holes drilled into their skulls inside the womb. So it's simply hard to believe that any American would support that, but some on the left do.
And again the question is why? Here is my theory and it's just that, a theory. Many secular progressives do not want to make judgments on behavior. They don't believe in evil. They don't believe in right and wrong, everything is a gray area.
The left-wing fanatics in Vermont, for example, want restorative justice where child rapists are educated to stop their behavior, not punished for 25 years. As for late term abortions, it is the mother who has all the rights. The babies, simply disposable. Many secular progressive do not believe in God and make up all kinds of excuses why viable babies can be murdered... very, very disturbing.
And that's "The Memo."

