
By Bill O'Reilly
Disappointing interview on "60 Minutes" last night. I didn't learn very much. In fact, I didn't learn anything. The theme seemed to be... the world is a dangerous and complicated place.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CLINTON: We also live in a dangerous world. And you know, the people I'm proud to serve and work with in our diplomatic and development personnel ranks, they know it's a dangerous and risky world.
OBAMA: It is a dangerous world and that's part of the reason why we have to continue to get better.
HILLARY: We live not only in a dangerous but an incredibly complicated world right now with many different forces at work.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Summing up, we live in a world that is incredibly complicated and dangerous. Good to know.
Now, I respect "60 minutes" and Steve Kroft the interviewer. I don't know why he didn't ask hard questions. If you know, please tell me. You don't have to be disrespectful. All you have to say is, hey, Mr. President, why did your Secretary of State, who is sitting right next to you, not go on the Sunday shows to explain what happened in Benghazi, Libya? Why did you send the U.N. Ambassador to do that when Susan Rice obviously didn't know anything about it? That's a respectful question. Is it not?
Here is another one. Mrs. Clinton, when did you learn about the assassination of Libyan Ambassador Christopher Stevens and why didn't you hold a press conference when the intelligence community told you it was a terrorist attack? Not a complicated question. Is it? Just those two questions could have enlightened the American public about the Libyan disaster.
But you know what? I don't think Steve Kroft even cares about Libya, and most other national media don't care either. So the bottom line is we the people are not going to be told what happened over there. President and Secretary Clinton are not going to it answer any questions about it, are not going to be forth coming. And we can't make them.
It's partially our fault because we the people don't much care either. If we did care, it would have been a big campaign issue. But it wasn't. Mitt Romney wouldn't even concentrate on it during the foreign policy debate.
The truth is the assassination of the Ambassador and three other Americans by terrorists in Libya has not engaged the American people. The President and Hillary Clinton know that. They also know that the national media adores them. And that's a fact.
And that's "The Memo."

