

Factor," July 17, 2013. This copy may not be in its final form and may be
updated.

and 11 p.m. ET!
O'REILLY: Thanks for staying with us. I'm Bill O'Reilly. In the "Miller Time" segment tonight, lots in plays, so let's get right to the sage of Southern California who joins us now from Santa Barbara.
All right, first off, the Zimmerman verdict. And you say.
DENNIS MILLER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, you know, Bill, I don't watch court cases since the O.J. thing. You know, I realized there was madness, I just stay away from it.
This one seemed a particular mine field because you've got guys like Sharpton and Jackson. They deal more in code than people who worked on the Enigma Project in World War II.
So, I stay away from it. But I will say this. I always think justice is done when it goes to trial.
Then if I'm not paying attention to the trial and six people, and I see it was six women, I like that. I always think motherhood -- five of the women were mothers, I think that trumps color.
And I think most fair people would say that. I assumed those six people paid attention and they rendered this verdict. I didn't go into it thinking justice had to be done. If one guy or the other won -- and, obviously, the one guy's family, the kid can't win. But I don't go in that way thinking, "This is my definition of justice."
I think, "They picked the jury. They're paying attention, I'm not." So, the jury said, "Not guilty." Now, I will say this. I don't think the Martin family were served by those prosecutors.
They did not exactly do a crack-a-jack job as I go back and read on it. And, you know, that Angela Corey woman, she looks like a piece of work, man. You know the one I mean, the white --
O'REILLY: Yes, sure.
MILLER: -- Hispanic-looking chick. Yes. She looked white Hispanic to me.
O'REILLY: White Hispanic.
MILLER: I didn't even know that existed but the "New York Times" is the paper of record.
They didn't exactly look like geniuses. If you want to bring color into it, let's call them "The Lavender Hill Gang," the gang who couldn't shoot straight.
Because that was a nightmare. And as I watched Angela Corey the other night in that affray thing, I thought -- well, I'll just put it this way because, I understand, she's heavily litigious of you and Corey -- so, just let me say, I wrote it down.
She appeared to be a genius, and a nice person, and sincere. She did a great, great job, that Angela Corey woman.
(LAUGHTER)
Sorry, I had to make some notes. Listen, the pundits all had their opinion. I would say, the lady justice, not only is she blind but she's deaf. And it's probably apropos.
Six people needed to pay attention to this. I'll abide by their verdict.
O'REILLY: All right. Earlier in the program, Beckel said he doesn't care if Putin spits in the eye of the U.S.A. and gives Snowden sanctuary or asylum. And you say.
MILLER: If this kid wants asylum, he ought to stay here in America because this whole joint is a nuthouse right now, all right. This kid has been in that Moscow airport more frequently than a (inaudible) Hare Krishna.
I know Putin wants to take him to his bosom but he can't because they're too big to get the kid in close. Now, I understand that if they do take him, then he has to have a no-leak policy.
And you know something, at age 59, I could tell you, I'd last around an hour and a half with that no-leak policy.
(LAUGHTER)
O'REILLY: Are you angry about it though. I mean if Putin gives us a little tweak because he knows -- probably Beckel is right that nothing is going to happen.
MILLER: I believe that Putin, as an ex-KGB, will do that kid eventually more than we would do that kid.
(LAUGHTER)
Go ahead, kid, enjoy that ride. Date Marina Oswald while you're there. Keep your head on a swivel, baby.
O'REILLY: Because Russia is such a lively place to be.
MILLER: Yes. You know, Putin can turn on you in a moment's notice.
O'REILLY: But I think there has got to be some response because Putin is out of control. And somebody has got to tweak him. All right then, --
MILLER: Yes, so who's going to do that. Is Barack going to open a big can of Whoop Nuance on him.
O'REILLY: I don't know. I mean, maybe we boycott the Olympics as Senator Graham wants to do in '14. Let's try to do that.
MILLER: The only thing that could bring this country back together now is if the Russian Bear got back together.
(LAUGHTER)
You reform the Soviet Union, maybe we all come together at that point.
O'REILLY: Now, ObamaCare, Beckel loves it because he's getting insurance because he has a pre-existing condition. But it seems to be chaos.
Jimmy Hoffa, Jr., he doesn't like it now. And you say.
MILLER: Well, you know, Bob's pre-existing condition is a one-day-at- a-time thing. The pursuit of the European model by the liberals is maddening to me.
I have to give Bill Clinton that. When he said he dug European models, he actually meant European models.
(LAUGHTER)
All I'll say about ObamaCare is that the people who champion it the most all have waivers to it.
(LAUGHTER)
And the only decision that's going to be made is when it stinks too high, it's no longer going to be ObamaCare, it's going to be BidenCare because they're going to push it over on Plugs McKenzie and throw him out the door.
I'm hoping the Dems eventually do ObamaCare in when they realize you might need a photo ID to participate in the program.
O'REILLY: That's right. They're not going to go for that.
MILLER: No.
O'REILLY: The guys can't. All right.
MILLER: That or when the long knives come in inside the tent, as Roger says.
O'REILLY: All right. Miller, we covered a lot of ground.


