
By Bill O'Reilly
As we reported earlier this week, 18- year-old Penelope Soto arrested for drug possession in Miami, cursed out a judge during a bond hearing.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
RODRIGUEZ-CHOMAT: Did you say (EXPLETIVE DELETED) to me?
SOTO: Actually I --
RODRIGUEZ-CHOMAT: Did you say that?
SOTO: Yes, sir, I did.
RODRIGUEZ-CHOMAT: Oh, you did say that?
SOTO: Yes, sir.
RODRIGUEZ-CHOMAT: I find you in direct criminal contempt 30 days in the county jail.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Miss Soto was immediately taken to the Turner Correctional Center where she has been for the past four days. Now there is a new twist on the case and we'll get to that in a moment.
The actions of Ms. Soto demonstrated a clear disrespect for the judicial system and "Talking Points" believes there's now an epidemic of disrespect in America. Some of you agree. Some of you don't. But I think my case is getting stronger.
We're following the terrible murder spree of former Los Angeles police officer Christopher Dorner, fired from his job, he has killed three innocent people in southern California.
But on the net thousands of people are actually applauding Dorner, calling him a hero for standing up against whatever. It's simply madness. But stuff like that is happening all over cyberspace.
Also, earlier this week we told you the New York City public system has changed its disciplinary code. No longer is cursing out a teacher in the classroom a suspendable offense. Now, little will happen to a student who does that. We all know that millions of American children have bad parents and the combination of poor parenting, cowardly public education and no standards at all on the net have created a perfect storm of disrespect.
This is going to be a major issue in the USA going forward. There is an entire generation of younger Americans who simply don't care about tradition, about authority, about acting in an appropriate manner. These people will pay a price for that disrespectful point of view.
But under the Obama Administration, the respectful folks will also pay a price because we will be supporting many of those misguided young people who can't prosper in the marketplace.
And that's "The Memo."

