
By Bill O'Reilly
One of the reasons America is moving to the left and becoming a more secular society is that college and university system is overwhelmingly, overwhelmingly teaching liberal tenets. Last November 60 percent of voters under the age of 30 supported the Democratic Party a huge number. And a study by the universities of British Columbia and George Mason broke down American university faculties this way; 51 percent are Democrats; 35 percent are Independent, just 14 percent Republican.
In fact, some the top donors to President Obama last year were colleges. The University of California gave the President a whopping $1,200,000, unbelievable; Harvard University almost $700,000. So you can see that American college students are mostly caught in a liberal environment whether they like it or not.
Enter Ryan Rotela, a student at Florida Atlantic University just north of Fort Lauderdale. Ryan is a Mormon and was enrolled in a communications class taught by the vice chairman of the Palm Beach County Democratic Party, if you can believe it. Dr. Deandre Poole has been a Democratic activist, an activist for years. Yet, is he running that class.
And as part of the course, Dr. Poole apparently ordered his students to disrespect Jesus.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
RYAN ROTELA: He said everybody write Jesus on bold letters so what I did was wrote Jesus just like this. And then afterwards he said everybody put it on the floor. So he took it out put it on the floor. And he had us all stand up once we were standing up he said stomp on it. And that's when I picked up the paper from the floor and put it right back on the table.
Any time you stomp on something it shows that you believe that something has no value. So, if you were to stomp on the word "Jesus", it says that the word has no value.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Ryan Rotela was angry about the incident and apparently made his displeasure known to Dr. Poole and other students. He was removed from the class by Florida Atlantic University. Ryan also faces other charges which will be decided by a student conduct hearing board. Ryan Rotela has now acquired a lawyer from the Liberty Institute in Texas. So this is one big mess.
"Talking Points" is not going to try the case on television. But, there is no question that many college campuses are becoming radicalized. A few weeks ago the Harvard University newspaper actually described me as some kind of conservative reactionary, asking if Harvard students should be ashamed that I have a degree from that school?
If Harvard sees me as far right, you can imagine the climate on campus. Last November many Americans were stunned that President Obama won the election despite all the economic chaos but when you understand the liberal indoctrination on college campuses, you begin to see how that is contributing to the move left.
And that's "The Memo."

