

BILL: "Factor Follow up Segment" tonight, last night we played you a clip of Michigan State University professor, William Penn telling his English class that Republicans are evil. The professor's rant was totally out of context to the class and downright vicious.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
WILLIAM PENN, PROFESSOR, MICHIGAN STATE UNIVERSITY: I'm a college professor. If I found out you're a closet racist I am coming after you, okay? This country still is full of closet racists. What do you think is going on in South Carolina and North Carolina? Voter suppression is about getting black people not to vote. Why? Because black people tend to vote Democratic. And why would Republicans want to deal with that, because Republicans are not a majority in this country anymore. They're a bunch of dead white people, or dying white people.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now Penn has been reassigned by the university and taken out of the classroom. Joining us from Lansing, Michigan, 19 year old Evan Schrage, a sophomore at Michigan State. He was the student who taped Penn's remarks.
First of all, why did you do that?
EVAN SCHRAGE, RECORDED MSU PROFESSOR'S RANT: Well, Bill, I did it because I really honestly couldn't believe what was happening at first. This man was using his position as a professor to, in my opinion, indoctrinate students into thinking a way that was pleasing to him. I didn't feel any college student should listen to that.
O'REILLY: The class that you are in, literatures, cultures, identies. It is an arts and humanities class. That has nothing to do with politics. How did he segue into that rant?
SCHRAGE: Well, he was all over the place, talking about a number of things. In the full video you can get a clear glimpse of that. He started talking about the Romneys and the Republican party on a few things and somehow he said he could tie it altogether but still to this day I can't understand.
O'REILLY: I don't know what it does with literatures, cultures, and identies. About 400 kids, that's a mob. What was the general reaction now that the professor was taken out of the classroom? He is still getting paid, but he will do research, probably on the Republican party. What was the reaction to the students in the class?
SCHRAGE: Well, at the time they were all laughing at his jokes and whatnot. Once I think it started to break out, it has been mixed. I was in the class today before they announced Dr. Penn was no longer teaching the class and people were -- parents were calling them and they were really interested in what was going on. The opinions were mixed. Some felt it didn't -- maybe it was too much. Like I said, a lot of others were --
O'REILLY: Anybody mad at you?
SCHRAGE: Nobody knows it was me.
O'REILLY: Good. So, nobody is directing anger at you.
SCHRAGE: Not yet.
O'REILLY: Michigan State University paid for by the taxpayers of Michigan. Is it a left-wing school? Is there a lot of stuff like this going on in your experience?
SCHRAGE: I just started my sophomore year, so I have only been here one complete year, and it is unfortunate this had to happen so early in my second year. I have had to write a couple of papers with a left-leaning bias because I knew I i wasn't going to get a better grade -- I was president going to get a better grade if I --
O'REILLY: You faked the paper to get a good grade. Evan.
You now -- was there ever the vice-versa where you had to write a paper from a right wing point of view to get a good grade?
SCHRAGE: That has not happened yet, no.
O'REILLY: Has not happened yet. And I know a lot of students do that. They take the temperature -- they take the political temperature of the professor and shoot off propaganda to him or her. But the prevailing wisdom on the campus in your experience now as a sophomore, is it left wing or is this guy, Penn, an exception?
SCHRAGE: I certainly wouldn't call it an exception. Like I said, I had to write a few papers for professors where this would happen. Certainly he is the most vocal about his opinions I faced. Overall I would say that this is is -- it is a college campus and it is pretty liberal.
O'REILLY: Evan, thanks very much. We appreciate you coming on.


