By Bill O'Reilly
With all of the trouble over Obamacare, you would think that Republicans would be gaining momentum -- you would think. I mean even former President Clinton taking shots at Barack Obama because so many Americans are getting their health insurance canceled.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
CLINTON: I personally believe even if it takes changing the law, the President should honor the commitment the federal government made to those people and let them keep what they got.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So when Democratic dissent rises to that level, you know a critical mass has been reached. But on the Republican side, there's also trouble. Tea Party conservatives as well as the hard right continue to reject the moderate wing of the party.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PALIN: When you stand in the middle of the road, you're going to get hit on both sides of the road. We need to take a stand. Ted Cruz, Mike Lee -- some of these guys actually were fulfilling their campaign promises and they asked for a debate. That's why they stood up they took the stand and fought for us to debate the issue of Obamacare.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So while Republicans are united against Obamacare, they're fighting each other over ideology. The scorecard looks like this. The moderate Republican leadership features Chris Christie, Jeb Bush, John McCain, Marco Rubio and Paul Ryan. The Tea Party hard right leadership is headed by Ted Cruz, Mike Lee, Rand Paul and Sarah Palin.
And at this point there is no detente -- both sides are far apart. Now last night we discussed Republican politics and received thousands of e- mails. Kevin Artery lives in Covina, California and writes, "Bill, I'm sick and tired of you and Goldberg calling conservatives the hard right. We already tried McCain and Romney who were moderate Republicans and we got crushed. Christie is one of them."
So it seems as if Mr. Artery is not even considering voting for any moderate Republican. The question is will he stay home if a non-Tea Party person gets the Presidential nomination?
Jean Nier who lives in Port Jefferson, New York, will stay home. "There is absolutely no way that anyone in my house will vote for Christie after his kissing up to Obama during the hurricane. I'd rather see Hillary win. Christie is a traitor like you, Bill."
But I didn't cozy up to the President. And T-Points does not take offense at Jean calling me a traitor. She's emotional about her convictions.
But there comes a point when people who hold strong beliefs have to make a decision. If the Republican Party remains divided, they'll be defeated in the midterm elections next year and lose the presidency in 2016.
The GOP situation is exacerbated word of the day "exacerbated" by the media. The liberal mainstream media which despises Republicans encourages the civil war. Talk radio and some on table news stoke the fires of conservative ideology by labeling people that compromise RINOs, Republicans In Names Only.
With President Obama on the ropes, Republicans have a huge opportunity right now but it looks like that opportunity may slip away.
And that's "The Memo."

