By Bill O'Reilly
As we reported last week there are at least half a dozen major controversies inside the Obama administration that the President apparently didn't know anything about.
Today in the "Wall Street Journal" front page headline says Obama unaware as U.S. spied on world leaders. And I believe that's true. While some Americans think Mr. Obama knew about fast and furious, the IRS, Benghazi, Libya and the NSA spying while they were in development "Talking Points" does not. It has become clear over the years the President does not manage in a micro way. He delegates often to incompetent people. Most vivid example is the enormous screw up in Obamacare. That's the President's signature issue and he was apparently totally unaware that the rollout was broken.
Now, I could be wrong. I could be wrong about this. Barack Obama may have micromanaged all that stuff I mentioned. It's possible, but I believe improbable.
Last night on "60 Minutes", the horror of four Americans being murdered in Benghazi, Libya was vividly portrayed. Former Green Beret Commander Lt. Colonel Andy Wood says he warned the Obama administration al Qaeda was hunting the American Ambassador.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They tried to assassinate the British Ambassador. Wood says to him, it came as no surprise because al Qaeda using a familiar tactic had stated their intent in an online posting, saying they would attack the Red Cross, the British and then the Americans in Benghazi.
And you watched as they --
LT. COL. ANDY WOOD, UTAH ARMY NATIONAL GUARD GREEN BERET: As they did each one of those.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And the British mission and the only ones left.
WOOD: Were us. They made good on two out of the three promises. It was a matter of time until they -- they captured the third one.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And Washington was aware of that?
WOOD: They knew we monitored it. We included that in our -- in our reports to both State Department and DOD.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: The problem with Colonel Wood's assertion is that we don't know exactly who he warned? Was it Secretary of State Clinton? Secretary of Defense Panetta? Both deny knowing of specific threats. And of course, President Obama says he did not know the extent of the danger either. But even after the attack was underway the administration didn't take action.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You have this conversation with the Defense attache. You asked him what military assets are on their way and he says?
GREG HICKS, FORMER DEPUTY CHIEF OF MISSION IN LIBYA: Effectively they are not.
And I -- for a moment I just felt loss I just couldn't believe the answer. And then I made the call to the NX Chief and I told to him listen you've got to tell those guys there may not be any help coming.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: And there wasn't any help coming. Now the defense attache in Libya was Lt. Colonel Keith Phillips who says there was a fuel problem in getting air power to Libya. But with all the warning, shouldn't the U.S. military have been on alert in that region? Of course. Of course they should have been.
So, here is the overall situation. You have a President, who apparently is disengaged from day-to-day activities in his own government. And one after another, you have major problems. Before Obamacare, many Americans were apathetic to that but now because healthcare affects them directly, the situation is changing. It's no longer satisfactory for Mr. Obama to say he's going to get to the bottom of things because, number one, he never does.
And number two, there's just too many screw ups. The administration had three and a half years to roll out the affordable healthcare law. And it spent close to a billion taxpayer dollars preparing for the rollout. Yet, there is mass chaos.
Finally, throughout history, people have gotten the government they deserve. I'm not going to say anything more.
And that's "The Memo."

