By Bill O'Reilly
Last night I documented vital areas where the U.S.A. is either losing influence or is completely collapsing. The memo is posted on Billoreilly.com.
Tonight, more on why America's weakness is growing. It begins with propaganda. How to obscure the truth? When Talking Points first began listing all the situations where the USA is getting hammered, the evidence overwhelmed those who support the Obama administration and believe that I am full of it.
So a new strategy emerged. According to those happy with the state of the union, America's not getting weaker, it is simply changing, realigning, and I am too dense to understand that.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BOB BECKEL, CO-HOST OF THE FIVE: But the idea that somehow that America's in decline is in realignment the Internet is here. Bill O'Reilly is not going to understand that. This is a real world we're living in here.
JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEW POLITICAL ANALYST: So I think part of what you're discontented with, Bill, is changes -- changes in the reality.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: I want to quote Jon Lovitz, yes that's it -- realignment, changes that's the ticket. Now you got to hand it to the left. They're creative spinners and they all get the same memo. To them the country is not really in trouble abroad or economically, it's just a changing world and O'Reilly is too dim to understand.
Really amazing but that's what they're selling. One of the main reasons the USA is in steep decline is resentment towards fellow citizens. Many of us will no longer work together preferring to demonize people with whom we disagree.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MICHAEL ERIC DYSON, GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR: The system has been rigged against us from the very beginning. We've never been able to stand our ground because the system has protected white peoplehood, white property and white privilege.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: White peoplehood. I love that. When skin color overrides honest debate everything falls apart. And that's what's being sold how many times have we heard criticize criticisms of President Obama, are race- based, how about every day.
(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)
REP. MO BROOKS (R), ALABAMA: This is a part of the war on whites that's being launched by the Democratic Party and the way in which they're launching this war is by claiming that whites hate everybody else. It's a part of the strategy that Barack Obama implemented in 2008, continued it in 2012 where he divides us all on race, on sex, greed, envy, class warfare, all those kinds of things. Well that's -- that's not true, ok.
(END AUDIO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, Congressman Brooks believes the President is behind the policy. I believe it's the Democratic leadership in Congress that has designed the device of strategy -- Reid and Pelosi, but no doubt President Obama is allowing the nonsense to flow.
Now, if you can't defend your record, if the facts stack up against you, deflect -- charge into emotional areas to pettifog reality. Simply put we need to get back on track in this country hope the nonsense and demand -- demand that our elected leadership solve problems that threaten our well- being.
The day of the ideologue is ending. TV and radio ratings prove that. Americans are slowly wising up. And that's the first step in recovering the strength of America.
And that's "The Memo."

