

O'REILLY: "Impact Segment" tonight, an update on the southern border on Fusion TV this evening at 10:00 p.m., Univision actor Jorge Ramos will present a special report from the border. As part of that presentation Mr. Ramos swam across the Rio Grande River himself. Demonstrating how illegal aliens sometimes enter the U.S.A.
As you may know, it's estimated about 100,000 migrant children along with hundreds of thousands of adults will enter the U.S.A. illegally by the end of this fiscal year in October.
Joining us now from Miami is Mr. Ramos who has apparently toweled off. I would have liked to have got you right when you got up on the shore. What did you learn from the swim, first of all?
JORGE RAMOS, UNIVISION: Well, you know, I learned that it is really dangerous, strong undercurrent, full of debris, contaminated. But, during the last nine months, 33 people have died, drowned just in the Laredo area.
What's interesting, Bill, is that despite the danger, children -- Central American children prefer just to cross the river than just to stay home. I met a 15-year-old from Honduras, the (inaudible) killed his best friend. He was going to be next. So he came to the United States because he believes that he won't be deported and that we have a policy and that the U.S. simply -- we do not deport children.
O'REILLY: Ok. But we do. And we will. And that is the misleading thing.
RAMOS: Sometimes but not much.
O'REILLY: No, but it will change.
RAMOS: The majority of the children who came last year, for instance.
O'REILLY: Got to stay.
RAMOS: Very few of them have been deported.
O'REILLY: Right. But that will have to change. Because it's -- the unintended consequences are overwhelming. That's what I want to get into.
There's an article today in the "New York Times" about Brazil after the World Cup. There is now fighting in the favelas and slums. People are being killed, drug cartels versus the army and police.
We have terrible deprivation in nations like Haiti. As you pointed out rightly in Honduras, El Salvador, Guatemala there are drug gangs everywhere. Mexico is run large portions by cartels. We simply cannot absorb all the world's children. We can't, Jorge.
RAMOS: Sure.
O'REILLY: It would be nice if we could.
RAMOS: I understand that.
O'REILLY: We cannot do it.
RAMOS: But those who are already we have got to protect them.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: But if we don't stop them from coming, the ones that are here, I think we have to have a quick hearing on them and if there is a reason that their lives are in danger, certainly that has to be taken into consideration. But we have --
RAMOS: The only thing (inaudible) is a solution.
O'REILLY: No? The solution is to seal down the border.
RAMOS: I don't think any government should be in the business of importing endangered children. That's not the American way, that's not the Christian way.
O'REILLY: How many endangered children are there all over the world?
RAMOS: They are children. We have to treat them as if they were our own children.
O'REILLY: Look Jorge, every child in Africa, sub-Saharan Africa is in danger. Almost every child in Haiti is in danger because of malnutrition. In Brazil millions and millions and millions of children are in danger. We can't do it. But you have --
RAMOS: Those who are already here, we have got to help them. They are refugees.
O'REILLY: All right. Those who are already here we have to deal with them fairly and humanely, I agree. But you oppose a National Guard on the border which would seal the border. You oppose it. And that troubles me, Jorge.
RAMOS: I think -- to send the National Guard, I think it's absurd. I think it's useless, I think it's expensive. These children are not a security concern for the United States. They are not terrorists, they are not criminals. They are being detained.
Look, you have about 1,200 miles of border between Texas and Mexico, Governor Perry wants to send a thousand National Guard. One every mile is that going to help?
O'REILLY: No, no, no. You know there are hot spots there.
(CROSSTALK)
RAMOS: -- refugees, that's what they're. They are refugees.
O'REILLY: Look, Jorge, let me make my case and you can refute it. It costs $1,000 to get, at least, to get your kid here to the United States. They pay the human smugglers, as you mow, the cartels, all right? You put the U.S. military on the border and you send the message that your money is going to be wasted. You are not going to get them through here.
You stack them up where the sectors are needed in the Rio Grande Valley, around Laredo where you were, in parts of Arizona. Ok. You do that the pictures go out. And then the migration stops in conjunction with Mexico sealing its southern border. If they don't do that you revoke the NAFTA agreements. This solves the problem of the kids being put in danger.
RAMOS: It isn't going to solve the problem because --
O'REILLY: It will.
RAMOS: -- many of them, Bill, their families are already here. Then if you deport them, some of them, Juana -- I met her and Ana. If you deport them Ana was -- they tried to rape her. She is 17. If she goes back, they are going to rape her or kill her.
O'REILLY: And that. And Ana should be given --
RAMOS: -- do you want to do that? If you send them back that's senseless for them. We can't do that we have got it treat them the same way we treated 125,000 Cuban refugees in 1980. They're refugees.
O'REILLY: That caused a lot of social problem in the Marialitos (ph). You know that ok? It caused an enormous amount of problem.
RAMOS: But we accepted them because they were refugees. That's the American way.
O'REILLY: No, it wasn't like that. Carter got hood winked by it and you know the history of that.
Look, you are a good man, Jorge. We have got to stop it. We can't absorb it. That's just the brutal fact of the world. Last word?
RAMOS: Yes, yes. But those who are already here you have got to take care of them. You care about kids. I notice on your Web site. 10 out of the 26 charities that you support help children.
O'REILLY: Yes. Yes.
RAMOS: So if you -- and that's fantastic, honestly. So if you are willing to help children as far away as Romania, I'm sure you and many others can help Central American kids --
O'REILLY: I want to help as many children as I can, but I want this to stop.
RAMOS: So let's help those who are already here -- Central American kids right here.
O'REILLY: I have no beef with that. I think we should do it efficiently, orderly and quickly. I give money to the Haitian kids, to the Mexican kids.
RAMOS: You do, yes.
O'REILLY: To all over the world. But this madness on the border has to stop. We have a responsibility to have this country secure. We are going to talk to Jorge on his program.
(CROSSTALK)
RAMOS: With immigration reform we can help it.
O'REILLY: It all starts Jorge, with a secure border. And then the other reform can kick in. We are going to continue this with you because you are a good guy as I said and you are a smart guy.


