By Bill O'Reilly
Speaking at the United Nations this morning Mr. Obama tried to be a tough guy and a statesman, both. While dealing with the Islamic jihad. Whether he has succeeded in accomplishing anything is questionable but he gave it a good try. Many Americans, including this one, are fed up with fighting the jihad without much help from other nations. Every sane person knows the evil involved, yet, China, Russia and other powerful countries sit it out, letting Americans bleed.
That has got to stop. President Obama knows it. So he is imploring the world to unite against the Islamic killers.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: In this century, we have faced a more lethal and ideological brand of terrorist who have perverted one of the world's great religions with access to technology that allows small groups to do great harm. They have embraced a nightmarish division that would divide the world into adherents and infidels, killing as many innocent civilians as possible.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now you would think that fact alone would mobilize the countries of the world to all pitch in and directly attack terrorism. But many of them don't. Countries like Germany, Spain, Japan, India do little to combat the jihad. Sure, they will give us Intel if they have it but you don't see leadership from much of the world.
Talking Points has been pleasantly surprised by France. Paris understands the danger and is helping out. Great Britain, Canada, Australia always help; but that pretty much ends the list of major contributors.
President Obama is making a big play to get Muslim nations on board against the jihadists and today he hit that theme again.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: We have reaffirmed again and again that the United States is not and never will be at war with Islam. Islam teaches peace. Muslims the world over aspire to live with dignity and a sense of justice. And when it comes to America and Islam, there is no us and them. There is only us because millions of Muslim Americans are part of the fabric of our country.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Ok, fine -- the more Muslim nations that step up, the better. But Mr. Obama makes a mistake by not singling out irresponsible Muslim nations. Pakistan for example has hurt the USA and the world by harboring the Taliban and al Qaeda. Yet, we still pander to Pakistan. That nonsense has got to stop. If you help murderous fanatics, you are the enemy.
Let's begin to call out the nations that enable the terrorists. But that's not Mr. Obama's style. After all that's happened, he still sees himself as a uniter. He is still hesitant to go all out against the jihadists.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: In this effort we do not act alone nor do we intend to send U.S. troops to occupy foreign lands. Instead we will support Iraqis and Syrians, fighting to reclaim their communities. We will use our military might in a campaign of air strikes to roll back ISIL. We will train and equip forces fighting against these terrorists on the ground.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: But the President is training and equipping the wrong people. Muslims are not going to defeat other Muslims. They can help, but they cannot be the major force on the ground.
In Iraq, there are more than 250,000 men under arms with the best equipment in the world supplied by us, the USA and that army can't defeat 20,000 ISIS terrorists. So give me a break. With the outsourcing, the fighting has to be done by responsible motivated people.
And also please give us all a break on telling the enemy what you are not willing to do to defeat the jihad. That political move is not smart. "Talking Points" believes an international anti-terror mercenary force under the supervision of Congress led by American and NATO officers could drive the terrorists back almost immediately and become a very potent force in this world for stopping the madness.
The usual suspects on the far left despise that idea and so do some on the right. But it is grossly unfair to we, Americans for us to bear most of the cost in blood and treasure fighting the worldwide war on terror it is grossly unfair.
Today the President made his appeal to the world -- unite and defeat the brutal jihadists who murder innocent women and children and terrorize the world including their own people. Sadly, I have no confidence the world will step up and do much at all. People are selfish, frightened and apathetic to the suffering of others. Countries like Turkey actually help the terrorists and then want our help when they get into trouble. Well forget it. The world needs straight talk and bold action.
President Obama's diplomacy and statesman-like posture has not worked and likely will not work in the future. The few planes flown by Muslim pilots are not going to stop the jihad.
Finally, it's going to take another 9/11 type attack to convince some folks that a world war is indeed underway. That means you "New York Times." And that attack could come at any time because for far too long the world has tolerated the jihad.
And that's "The Memo".

