By Bill O'Reilly
The President's address last night was heavy on grievance that is discussing Americans who are not doing as well as other Americans. The President is promising to fix that. It's almost like he's a teacher with favorite students.
Last night, American women fell into that category. As you may know, the President wants more income fairness. He wants to lessen the gap between rich Americans and working Americans.
Now, that's a noble goal if it comes about in the private marketplace. But, an imposition into private earnings by the feds goes directly against our capitalistic system. Nevertheless, the President and the Democratic Party have targeted American women as a group that needs help.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: Women make up about half our workforce. But they still make 77 cents for every dollar a man earns. That is wrong. And in 2014, it's an embarrassment. Women deserve equal pay for equal work.
It is time to do away with work place policies that belong in a "Mad Men" episode.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: But that's not exactly the case. Here are the facts. In 1963, the Equal Pay Act was passed into law so the feds can punish any American employer who discriminates against women in the pay arena.
As for the 77 percent number, the President puts out there analysis shows that American women are really making about 91 cents on the dollar compared to what men earn. Last August, the Web site "Slate" had an interesting analysis of the man/woman salary controversy. And it is worth reading. The article pointed out that men are more often in unions where the wage is guaranteed and they tend to go into higher paying professions. Also, American men work more hours than American women.
So all in all if you examine the facts, the facts we really don't have a gender salary discrepancy in this country. But President Obama well knows that he and the Democrats badly need women to come back into the tent. With his job approval rating hovering around 40 percent he has to mobilize the base who elected him. And women broke for Obama by 11 percentage points over Romney last time around.
"Talking Points" is here to set all the record straight. And we believe the war on women stuff is a political ruse generally speaking.
No system is perfect but the American capitalistic marketplace provides opportunity for just about everyone who gets educated and is willing to work hard. And one more note about last night's address. The Republican Party should really wise up and stop opposing raising the minimum wage. It should be $10 bucks an hour. If an adult American is willing to work $10 is fair. But I would have a lower wage scale for teenagers just beginning their workforce experience. Remember, if a worker is no good, management can fire the person. But if a worker is good, come on $10 bucks an hour, babysitters get that.
The GOP needs to stop working against working people. $10 bucks an hour should be the law of the land.
And that's "The Memo."

