By Bill O'Reilly
Today President Obama finally admitting that the Department of Veterans Affairs is pretty much out of control so he fired General Eric Shinseki.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: This morning I think some of you also heard Rick take a truly remarkable action. In public remarks he took responsibility for the conduct of those facilities and apologized to his fellow veterans and to the American people. And a few minutes ago Secretary Shinseki offered me his own resignation. With considerable regret, I accepted.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, as you may remember, we predicted that would happen when the story first broke.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Shinseki the General who is in charge of the VA I've been critical of him in the past. I don't believe he's up to this job. He's got to go I think and I think he will.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now the big picture: as we cited earlier this week President Obama is having trouble leading. He does not seem to be proactive in problem-solving to say the least. Best example is the economy which is now contracting after five and a half years of Obama economic policies. Then there are the scandals one after the other.
But the V.A. situation is a bit different because this angers everybody, Democrats and Republicans alike. He simply cannot treat men and women who defend the nation in a dishonest way which is what some V.A. executives did. General Shinseki is a patriot. He served his country honorably but he was told point blank by a number of Congress people that there were problems in V.A. hospitals, that vets were not being treated in a timely manner. He was told that and he didn't do anything. So obviously he had to go. President Obama had no choice.
But here's the irony, the President himself knew about the V.A.'s problems. And he did nothing. To be fair, the Commander-in-Chief can't run the V.A. but after being elected, the President apparently lost interest in how the vets were being treated in the federal system. The President's lack of leadership on the V.A. deal reflects his overall disengagement.
Yesterday, there was an interesting back and forth at the State Department.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PSAKI: I would argue the President doesn't give himself enough credit for what he has done around the world and that's how the Secretary feels, too.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And for -- for what? Yes, exactly?
PSAKI: No I mean I don't mean like.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What for the Iran negotiations? Or what?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I mean -- I mean, I'm talking what specifically you're talking he doesn't get enough credit for?
PSAKI: For engagement in issues like Iran, what we have done on Ukraine, our efforts to dive in and engage around the world.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Russia has still annexed Crimea. I mean, Iran there is ongoing negotiations but is that the success here that you are talking?
PSAKI: We are talking about engagement in the world and taking on tough issues that present themselves.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: I mean, with all due respect, that's just bilge, b-i-l-g-e, bilge. All right that's just nonsense. Mr. Obama's foreign policy is dubious to say least. Listen to this exchange on CNBC between Home Depot founder Ken Langone and NBC News foreign correspondent Richard Ingle.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Name one country with whom we have better relationships with today than we did when he became President of the United States almost six years ago? I'm asking you to give me one country where they have gotten better.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, I think you would be hard-pressed to find that.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, Ingle is usually left leaning and certainly NBC News is and even they cannot point to a foreign policy success. With two and a half years left in President Obama's second term there is little anyone can do about his management style. But there are things voters can do and that show up in November at the voting booth. A statement needs to be made.
By the way White House Spokesman Jay Carney also resigned today but he was under no duress and that's "The Memo."

