

O'REILLY: Thanks for staying with us. I'm Bill O'Reilly.
In the "Weekdays with Bernie" segment tonight, two hot topics -- is the mainstream media coming down harder on President Obama and Sarah Palin saying this, --
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SARAH PALIN (R), FORMER GOVERNOR, ALASKA: Americans, Congress, those who are concerned about protecting our Constitution and using the one tool that Congress does have, to halt what is going, this lawlessness coming from the top.
The one tool they have are Articles of Impeachment. Let's get going on that.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE REPORTER 1: What's your response to Governor Palin.
REP. JOHN BOEHNER (R), SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE: I disagree.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE REPORTER 2: What about the folks in your conference. They're calling for a talk about impeachment.
BOEHNER: I disagree.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: I think he disagrees. Joining us now from North Carolina, the purveyor of BernardGoldberg.com, Mr. Goldberg. And you say.
BERNIE GOLDBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I say good for John Boehner and good for any other politician that rejects this crazy idea. You know, Bill, there are two groups -- I think only two groups that think impeachment is a good idea, the hard right and the hard left.
The hard right because they're ideological purists. And the hard left because they know it will destroy the Republican Party and any hopes they have in November.
The good news is that no serious politician is going to take this idea seriously.
O'REILLY: Why would an impeachment move destroy the Republicans' chances in November.
GOLDBERG: Because people will say it's all politics. That's all it is, they're just going after this president.
And it won't even win the support of a majority of Republicans and the moderates will run like crazy. It is not just a terrible idea, it is beyond terrible.
O'REILLY: All right. I think the reason why it would hurt the Republican Party would be because that would be the story. So that all of President Obama's other problems, the border, ISIS Army, Putin, the economy -- although the economy looks like it's getting better -- that would recede and it would all be about, you know, this impeachment --
GOLDBERG: Yes. And how do you think the electorate would take all of that.
O'REILLY: Well, the press would mold it into a persecution of the first black president. You're persecuting the man. That's what -- that's the theme.
GOLDBERG: That's what they would be. But let's just make clear that many, many, many Republicans, far more than not, are against this for good reason.
O'REILLY: Yes. I'd like to see a poll. Let's get a Fox News poll on that.
GOLDBERG: Wait a second. Wait, hold on, hold on.
O'REILLY: What.
GOLDBERG: A Fox News poll, even though you always say it's unscientific, it's not --
O'REILLY: No, no, no, no. You're getting it mixed up with BillOReilly.com.
GOLDBERG: Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You're right. I'm sorry. You mean the Fox News --
O'REILLY: Fox New Opinion -- that's a scientific poll. BillOReilly.com is an entertainment poll.
GOLDBERG: Fair enough, fair enough.
O'REILLY: We'll do the scientific poll, all right. Because I would like to see what the plurality is as well.
OK, now, on the media thing, Howard Kurtz last night said that, finally, NBC News and others are starting to, you know, jab at President Obama, they see the wind turning. And you say.
GOLDBERG: Look, I have said more than a few times that, from time to time, especially when his poll numbers are low, the press will get tough on Barack Obama. But here's what I'm saying tonight, it will not --
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
-- last. It never does. And it's not a tipping point. If the press has suddenly decided to behave like real journalists, why haven't they jumped on a really important big story, the IRS scandal. They haven't.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Why haven't they jumped on any of the other so-called phony scandals of the Obama administration. They haven't.
And if things get worse for Barack Obama, are we supposed to believe - - are we, Bill, you're not -- whatever else you are, you're not naive.
So, are we really supposed to believe that they're going to push Barack Obama off the cliff, behave like real journalists, which would only help Republicans. That's not going to happen.
O'REILLY: OK, but there comes a point where it descends into a burlesque.
GOLDBERG: Yes.
O'REILLY: I mean, if the press still tries to prop the president up after all of these recent disasters, I mean, then they become cartoons.
GOLDBERG: Well, they've been a cartoon for years. But I could think of one scenario to back up what you just said, only one.
There's been news of late that Hillary is distancing herself from Barack Obama. So, let's say, the so-called --
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
-- mainstream media, the reporters, decide, "He's a lame duck. We've done as much as we can for him,"
(END VIDEO CLIP)
-- "we've slobbered over him for six years. That's enough. Now, we will jump off of the Obama bus and onto the Hillary Clinton for President Campaign bus."
But they won't be doing it because they want to finally behave like real journalists. They would be doing it because they want a substitute one historic candidate that they can support for another."
So, look, they get tough from time to time. As I say, I've said that many, many times on this program. But it's not going to last, it never does.
And they're not going to throw him off the cliff and help Republicans. That is not going to happen.
O'REILLY: All right, Bernie Goldberg, everybody.


