By Bill O'Reilly
As you may know, things are not going too well for the Obama administration. The President's job approval rating around 40 percent, lower than Bush the younger's in the middle of the problematic Iraq war.
So the President must raise his positive profile. But that's not going to be easy. The economy will not improve any time soon. Foreign policy shaky with Iran now signaling it may go back on the nuke treaty and Obamacare continues to be very problematic.
Enter global warming a fervent liberal cause. On Sunday, Secretary of State John Kerry said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOHN KERRY, SECRETARY OF STATE: Climate change can now be considered another weapon of mass destruction, perhaps even the world's most fierce weapon of mass destruction.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Mr. Kerry setting the table for an all out climate change campaign. That is that all severe weather in the USA will now be blamed on global warming. President Obama picked that up theme when he visited drought stricken California on Valentine's Day.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: A change in climate means that weather related disasters like droughts, wildfires, storms, floods are potentially going to be costlier and they're going to be harsher. Droughts have obviously been a part of life out here in the West since before any of us were around and water politics in California have always been complicated. But scientific evidence shows that a change in climate is going to make them more intense.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, we know of no specific scientific evidence that California's current drought is an offshoot of global warming. But there is evidence that the world is getting hotter; 2013 was the seventh warmest year since 1880. However, the rate of warming is slowing down, according to the United Nations' intergovernmental panel on climate change. That slowdown was not predicted by the scientists.
"Talking Points" has maintained that no one -- no one knows for certain what causes climate fluctuations. But every human being who cares about the earth should want it to be cleaner. Therefore, we should all, all of us work together to make that happen whether you believe in global warming or not. That is the sane, s-a-n-e, sane position.
Unfortunately countries like China and India don't care they are polluting the planet in a record rate to make money and President Obama can't stop that. So if the USA punishes its own people like holding up the Keystone Pipeline which would provide jobs being foolish.
By the way, studies say that Keystone will not be a pollutant. The Obama administration well understands that it can gain a favorable response from the left primarily by pushing the climate change agenda and so it does. And will up the ante to obscure other problems like the economy and Obamacare which it's not fixing. That is called politics.
And that is called "The Memo."

