By Bill O'Reilly
It's almost beyond belief that the USA and its Western allies have allowed a terror army to gain so much power. It's now ruling thousands, thousands of square miles and slaughtering thousands of innocent people including women and children. The Terror army is called ISIS or ISIL. It's an offshoot of al Qaeda and it began gaining strength one year ago in Syria when it captured the town of (inaudible).
The ISIS army has publicly stated it wants to establish an Islamic Caliphate and eventually attack America. They are not subtle people.
From the beginning, President Obama underestimated the threat posed by these terrorists telling the "New Yorker Magazine" last January that they were the JV. Now the President has changed his opinion.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Did we under estimate? I think that there is no doubt that their advance, their movement over the last several months has been more rapid than the intelligence estimates and I think the expectations of policymakers both in and outside of Iraq.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: But "Talking Points" did not underestimate the terrorists. Nearly two months ago I said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Why hasn't the United States been confronting the al Qaeda army? The ISIS people, they control parts of Syria and northern Iraq and we have known that for a long time. The USA should begin bombing the al Qaeda army as soon as possible. We don't need any more meetings. Let's send a message that terrorists remain targets. Al Qaeda is our enemy.
You know, I feel like I'm lecturing fourth graders here.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: The fact that President Obama and his advisors did not think that a well-funded terror army was not going to cause enormous damage is simply inexplicable. I mean what did the President think these people were going to do? Again, they are not subtle, they are killers. They murder women and children they rape, they target Christian, Jews and other Muslim religions. They're the absolute worst of humanity.
And for one solid year the most powerful man in the world, Barack Obama did absolutely nothing to contain this threat. The situation is almost identical to what happened in the mid 1930s when Hitler and his Nazi thugs were gaining power. Americans like Joseph Kennedy Sr., Charles Lindbergh were sympathetic to the Third Reich. And almost half of America wanted to stay out of any conflict in Europe. Meanwhile Hitler gained more power and eventually started World War II resulting in more than 55 million human beings being killed in the European theater alone.
"Talking Points" has said this before: there is no difference in the mentality of the NAZIS and ISIS. They are identical in their hate and tactics. But the American media will not tell you that. In fact, they are busy replacing the word "terrorist" with the words "militants" and "rebels".
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Back in battle. The President orders U.S. warplanes to attack Sunni Muslim extremists in northern Iraq to stop a campaign of terror.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The air strikes are also aimed at supporting Kurdish Peshmerga fighters. U.S. allies overrun by ISIS rebels this week.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Good Evening, David, the U.S. military now has a green light to launch air strikes as needed in Iraq. Today pounding multiple targets trying to stop the militants from advancing and from threatening American lives and the lives of thousands of Iraqi families trapped on that mountain.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: The militants, the rebels. The "New York Times" started this business refusing to call the ISIS army what they really are -- terrorists, not militants, not rebels. The left wing media well understands that Americans viscerally respond to terrorists and want to punish them. And since many on the left want to diminish the terrorist threat -- that's why they use these words.
Now, how could any American want to stand down when thousands of innocent people are being killed by terrorists, not militants? I can't answer that question. I can only listen and shake my head.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm all for humanitarian aid at some level to start with and maybe even a heck of a lot more but I am not for international intervention here. You go over there and started a shooting match, what's our intel on the ground, who are we going to be hitting. How do we know we're siding up with the right people?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think it's going to make it worse.
I think it makes it worse one because putting in more ordnance, bombing more people always make things worse. Bombs recruit terrorists -- that we've seen for 15 years now.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't think we can take out ISIS from a military point of view from the use of our air strikes. That's not going to solve the problem.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Senator Cardin, of course, mistaken. A limited U.S. bombing has already pushed ISIS back and given the Kurds much more incentive to fight the terrorists -- not militants, not rebels -- the terrorists. Senator Cardin you just heard does not know what he is talking about. The fact that he is actually in the senate is frightening.
But even more frightening is the most powerful man in the bolder Barack Obama does not want to confront evil. He simply wants to remain detached, hoping for some kind of mythical coalition to deal with deadly threats.
The "Wall Street Journal" nailed it in their editorial last Friday quote, "Perhaps history will mark this as the week that President Obama recognized that evil unimpeded will devour everything before it. But I don't think the White House will recognize anything because I don't think President Obama looks at the world in terms of good and evil. For him there is always a political solution, a consensus, a discussion.
It's not only the ISIS situation that's looming, we now know Russia has violated the arms agreement and has been testing medium range crews missiles -- a treaty violation. Putin knows the USA and Europe will do nothing about it. Iran certainly not going to give up its nuclear research; It well understands the weakness of the west.
Finally when people like Hillary Clinton and other stalwart Democrats begin to criticize President Obama's foreign policy you know things are out of control and they are. But hopefully all the chaos will wake up Americans who are, again, asleep just as we were before 9/11.
American power should not be used unless it's absolutely necessary to save lives and defeat evil. We can't right all the wrongs on the planet. But if we allow Islamic terrorists to grow in power as we have been doing, if we allow them to slaughter human beings at will, we are putting ourselves in grave danger. President Obama has to wise up and fast.
And that's "The Memo."

