By Bill O'Reilly
Well, now we know now there is no question, that the White House misrepresented the terror attack on September 11th, 2012 in Benghazi, Libya. Four Americans murdered by a coordinated terror attack, most likely from an al Qaeda affiliate. Not one person has been brought to justice in the attack -- not one.
Five days after the murders, U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice said this to the world.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SUSAN RICE, U.S. AMBASSADOR TO THE UNITED STATES: The information, the best information and the best assessment we have today is that, in fact, this was not a preplanned, premeditated attack. That what happened initially was it was a spontaneous reaction to what had just transpired in Cairo as a consequence of the video.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: That was not true. That was not even close to being true. And a variety of people told the White House it was not true. Yet, Ambassador Rice said what she said.
Yesterday, the watchdog group Judicial Watch released the damning truth which it procured through the Freedom of Information Act. A memo written by senior White House advisor Ben Rhodes dated September 14th says that Ms. Rice was prepped to, quote: "underscore that these protests are rooted in an internet video and not a broader failure of policy."
Again, that despite CIA people in Libya and perhaps, Defense Secretary Panetta telling the President and the White House the video had little to do with the murders. On Super Bowl Sunday, I put the question to President Obama himself.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You have some who are affiliated with terrorist organizations. You have some that are not. But the main thing that all of us have you to take away from this is our diplomats are serving in some very dangerous places.
O'REILLY: But it's more than that though.
OBAMA: And we've got -- and we've got to make sure that not only have we implemented all the reforms that are recommended by the independent agency but we also have to make sure that we understand our folks out there are in a hazardous, dangerous situation.
O'REILLY: I think everybody understands that, Mr. President.
OBAMA: Actually, not everybody does.
O'REILLY: I think they do.
OBAMA: Because what ends up happening -- what ends up happening is we end up creating a political agenda.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: And that's exactly what happened. The President and the White House created a political agenda. Saying a spontaneous demonstration led to the murders, not a coordinated terror attack. And they did this because the President was running for re-election on a platform that he had broken al Qaeda and any evidence to the contrary might have hurt his campaign.
Now, did President Obama know Ambassador Rice was misleading the world? The memo from Rhodes, one of his top advisors went to his spokesperson, Jay Carney, among others. So the truth is the President stood by while the United States of America misled the world about a terror attack. But even if Mr. Obama was not directly engaged in that deception, the moment he found out about it, he should have corrected the record. But he did not even when he had a chance with me to do so. That's a huge story.
But if you read the "Wall Street Journal" today, the "New York Times," the "L.A. Times," the "Boston Globe," there is no mention of it -- none. The "Washington Post" ran the story on page 17. Only "USA Today" was honest and responsible putting the Benghazi e-mail story on the front page. Congratulations to "USA Today" which is owned by Gannett. The network news last night didn't cover the Benghazi story. MSNBC didn't cover it nor did CNN in prime time. And this morning only the CBS morning news mentioned the Benghazi story.
That's a scandal. A scandal. That is proof the American press is dishonest -- period. They are covering up a cover up as Krauthammer put it which might lead directly to the President of the United States. Yet, few Americans even know what's going on. While nearly everybody in the country knows about a racist comment by a basketball owner.
So what we have here are the words from a movie "Cool Hand Luke" is failure to communicate. And that failure by the national press to tell the American people the truth about Benghazi is for one reason and one reason only. To protect President Barack Obama. And that's "The Memo."


