By Bill O'Reilly
Last night bombs began falling on suspected ISIS and al-Qaeda positions in the war-torn country of Syria. This morning the President said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: Overall effort will take time. There will be challenges ahead, but we're going to do what's necessary to take the fight to this terrorist group, for the security of the country and the region and for the entire world.
Thanks. God bless our troops. God bless America.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: But what took so long? On June 16th, Talking Points opined this way.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: I fully expect President Obama to begin bombing the al Qaeda army very soon. If he does not do that, it would be an enormous dereliction of duty. He is the Commander-in-Chief. Al Qaeda wants to kill us. So he must send a message to them and to the largely cowardly world. We will not allow savages to decimate the world. That is the message that must be sent.
Again, I expect the Commander-in-Chief to begin bombing the al Qaeda army in Iraq and Syria forthwith.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, it took three months for Mr. Obama to finally make the call. The reason for the delay is twofold. First, the President is fearful of creating a wider war, because that will diminish his legacy of ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. The President sees himself as a peacemaker, a civilizing force in a brutal world. He's much more interested in fighting global warming than some killers in a desert.
But when the American people began demanding action after ISIS beheaded two American citizens, the President had no choice but to act.
Second, for some reason America's intel system is not working properly. The USA was caught by surprise when ISIS invaded Iraq again caught unaware when Putin took Crimea. By the way, Putin condemned the Syrian bombing last night saying it violated that country's sovereign territory. That's what Putin said.
Overall, Washington seems befuddled by the danger we the people face. Former Obama administration officials like Leon Panetta and Robert Gates say the fault lies with a timid Commander-in-Chief. And that's most likely true. But because security decisions are shrouded in secrecy we don't know for sure. Mr. Obama did have a point when he declined to send weapons to the so-called Syrian moderates citing lack of clarity as exactly they are. Tons of sophisticated U.S. weaponry now in the hands of ISIS because the corrupt Iraqi army abandoned the hardware.
But now the fight is on because ISIS is so barbaric, so dangerous that it can no longer be ignored or allowed to prosper because politics impedes action against it. Last night, I called for a world-wide anti-terror mercenary army to be borne which would be trained and administered by the USA under the supervision of Congress. It would be funded by the coalition that President Obama's putting together.
The idea is to have a rapid deployment force capable of confronting Islamic terrorist anywhere in the world without the chaotic political nonsense that prevents effective action against these killers. The memo is posted on Billoreilly.com and will have your mail on it later. But hear me on this that force will eventually have to happen.
And that's "The Memo".

