

INGRAHAM: In the "Personal Story Segment" tonight, during his comments on the Ferguson, Missouri violence today, the President said this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: Of course, it's important to remember how this started. We lost a young man, Michael Brown, in heartbreaking and tragic circumstances. He was 18 years old and his family will never hold Michael in their arms again.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: Joining us now from Tallahassee, Florida Benjamin Crump -- he's the attorney for Michael Brown's parents. Mr. Crump also represented the parents of Trayvon Martin. So Mr. Crump, what was the family's reaction to hearing the President say that about their son today?
BENJAMIN CRUMP, ATTORNEY FOR MICHAEL BROWN'S FAMILY: They were -- they're devastated still so they're dealing with it, Laura, best they can. They were heartened to hear the President address not only Michael but also the situation in their home town saying that we need to be peaceful and we need to protest in a responsible way.
INGRAHAM: And Mr. Crump, what is their reaction then to the police department's unwillingness to identify the police officer in question? Because there is a lot of controversy around that. They're demanding to know who he is and then concerned that obviously there have been death threats against him and apparently his family. What is their latest on that?
CRUMP: Well, Laura, they are parents who are still trying to come to the reality that their son is never coming back, that he was shot multiple times by a police officer in broad daylight when he was clearly unarmed with a t-shirt, shorts and flip-flops. It is a situation where they continue to wait for answers from the police department. And when they won't even give the name of the police officer that shot their teenage son multiple times as witnesses described it, execution style, they just can't understand why they are not being transparent.
INGRAHAM: And Mr. Crump, the President's statement today, at the same time talking about Iraq and then he went in and talked about this. Did you have any conversations with Eric Holder or has the White House reached out to you in the aftermath of all of this?
CRUMP: No ma'am. It has been the Justice Department officials have - - went to Missouri and met with the family and are doing a joint investigation and this time we are requesting strenuously that they do an independent investigation because there is such distrust between the local community and the family and law enforcement agencies there in St. Louis. So we want independent investigation. And Laura, we really want an independent autopsy especially looking at the ballistics examinations because there is no way to justify doing this to this kid.
INGRAHAM: Now, as far as you understand, the community itself, before this happened, the racial relationship between the police department and the community -- majority black community, 30 percent white, what was it like? I interviewed some store owners on my radio show earlier this week and they were from Israel, actually. And they said -- we have always had great -- we have never had any problems here in Ferguson. We have a great business. We have a great community. Their store was looted, unfortunately, he said we have always had great relationships.
CRUMP: And just for the family perspective, Laura, they are very disappointed with the looting and the rioting. They don't think that's a reflection of what they want their son's legacy to be. And so they would ask that people peacefully protest.
As you asked about the relationships, I think there have been some challenges with getting diversity within the police department and that was one of the ongoing struggles between the police and the community and the hope is that if everything is transparent, that this community can be healed and they will be able to move forward from this tragedy.
INGRAHAM: All right, Mr. Crump thanks so much. We appreciate it.


