By Bill O'Reilly
You may remember that Pope Francis ignited some controversy recently by speaking out against unfettered capitalism and the greed that can follow. To quote the Pope: "The worship of the ancient
golden calf returned in a new and ruthless guise in the idolatry of money and the dictatorship of an impersonal economy lacking a truly human purpose. The worldwide crisis affecting finance and the economy lays bare, their imbalances and above all their lack of real concern for human
beings."
The Pope is correct in portraying greed and exploitation as wicked. But the far left is distorting his words, trying to co-opt the Pope to impose so-called economic justice, which is really socialism forcefully
taking from the haves and giving to the have-nots.
I can tell you with certainty that Pope Francis opposes that form of tyranny as much as the Polish Pope John Paul did. Nevertheless the Democratic Party is getting ready to launch a huge social justice campaign to try to keep power in the USA.
The far left "Nation" magazine recently published an article by a guy named Robert Shearer who is about as left as they come. Shearer writes quote "There can be no doubt that equality of opportunity is explicit in the core Christian doctrine that every infant has the soul as significant as of any other and that we all be judged by how well we respect the sanctity of the lives of those born into the most forlorn of circumstance."
The key words in that "equality of opportunity" and that is a noble goal that every American should support. A noble goal that will never be reality; that's because the human condition dictates that some people will not do what is necessary to succeed in this world. That is work hard, be honest, stay sober and get educated. Some people will not do that. And so their children will suffer deprivation. No matter how much money the government hands out.
Jesus, of course, understood that when he said the poor, we will always have with us. The truth is that the United States provides more opportunity to more people than any other nation that has ever existed.
That is why millions of folks all over the world want to come here. And we have done that by developing a free market system. Even poor Americans here have material things that most in the world can only dream of.
Yet, the left wants to tear down the capitalistic structure that has provided vast opportunity. They want to oppose a nanny state that redistributes income. That strategy has failed everywhere it's been tried.
But the left doesn't care about the facts. It's all about hating America.
Let's let Robert Shearer the compassionate guy the booster of Pope Francis have the last word, quote: "What Americans stand for is a launching pad for multinational corporations that wantonly exploit the resources and peoples of this planet with abandon. All the while these modern plunderers
are protected by the massive military power of a U.S. government", unquote.
To Shearer and the far left America is a bad place that keeps people down. To those of us who are sane, the USA is a noble country that provides massive opportunity to those who will work for it. And that's "The memo."

