By Bill O'Reilly
Two weeks ago, before Putin invaded the Crimea President Obama did an interview with comedian Zach Galifianakis on a Web site called "Funny or Die". The interview was a farce and some believe it was demeaning.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
GALIFIANAKIS: But what is it like to be the last black president?
OBAMA: Seriously? What's it like for this to be the last time you ever talk to a president?
GALIFIANAKIS: It must kind of stink though that you can't run, you know, three times.
OBAMA: Well actually, I think it's a good idea. You know, if I ran a third time it would be sort of like doing a third "Hangover" movie. It didn't really work out very well, did it?
GALIFIANAKIS: Where are you planning on building a presidential library in Hawaii or your home country of Kenya? Because I mean both places seem like they would be --
Obama: Zach, that's a ridiculous question.
GALIFIANAKIS: Do you know what I would do if I were president, Mr. President? I would make same sex divorce illegal and then see how bad they want it.
OBAMA: I think that's why you are not president. And that's a good thing.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now the President did the interview to encourage young people to sign up for Obamacare. Today, the White House spokesman Jay Carney echoed that.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JAY CARNEY, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I can assure you that the Funny Or Die video will be one of the reasons we get young Americans to healthcare.gov one of the reasons we get Americans to enroll in health insurance programs but not the only one.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: All right. So that's the rationale. But for a president under intense scrutiny they do a comedy show raises some questions. First of all, I don't really have a problem with it in general but I think the timing hurts Mr. Obama, the timing continues to be problematic and Putin is clearly testing the President.
It looks like Putin believes the President is a light weight with a comedy video counter that? I'm just asking. Here's the most important thing the Affordable Healthcare Act is dubious to say the least. And using a comedic Web site to enroll people is a little bit desperate, don't you think? I mean I'm all for PR and if Carney wanted to go on Funny Or Die, fine but the President of the United States?
All I can tell is you Abe Lincoln would not have done it. There comes a point when serious times call for serious action. We're a divided nation which Talking Points believes is in decline. Mr. Obama is quick, has a good sense of humor. Those are assets.
But he needs to be aware. He needs to be aware of how his enemies perceive him because I believe the testing of America is just getting started. And that's "The Memo."

