

O'REILLY: Pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine shot down two more planes overnight, Ukraine military jets. In Europe opinions divided on whether to take stronger action against Putin who is giving the missiles to the terrorists as a result of the Malaysian Airliner destruction, 298 dead.
Britain, closer to calling for stronger action but not France -- it is selling Putin two warships despite the Russian leader's aggressive tactics.
Some Americans want President Obama to take stronger action against Russia but the word "warmonger" now in play in that debate.
Here to explain the use of that word one of the co-hosts of "THE FIVE" Bob Beckel. So I heard you used the war mongering label when you were shooting it out with Watters over how the plane site should be secured. First of all, define warmongering to me.
BOB BECKEL, FOX NEWS HOST: Warmongering is something spoken by somebody who has absolutely no idea what they are talking about, is a soft mark, has never had any experience in foreign policy and could put us in a position where we can get into wars we don't need to be in.
O'REILLY: All right. So warmongering is someone who doesn't understand the situation who wants to use military force -- right -- and that's the wrong strategy.
BECKEL: Absolutely.
O'REILLY: Ok. I got it. Now, with the wrong strategy, here is what I would hope would happen. That the U.N. would send in troops to Ukraine to secure the site so the investigations would be clean on the Malaysian airliner. Would that be warmongering for U.N. troops to go in?
BECKEL: No, it would not be. I think that you need to secure this site but the United States is not going to secure the site.
O'REILLY: Right. So we shouldn't do it unilaterally.
BECKEL: No we shouldn't do it unilaterally.
O'REILLY: It should be the U.N.
BECKEL: I think the U.N. would be a good force to do it. I mean who else is going to do it?
O'REILLY: Right. Nobody else is going to do it. And the U.N. won't do it either. So the scene will not be secure and it has not been.
BECKEL: If it doesn't get secured that's too bad. It's not worth us going in there and losing American troops.
O'REILLY: You know, I don't disagree with that. I wouldn't send ground troops in there. I don't think it would be warmongering to do it but I think it would be foolish tactically to do it.
Putin, I would take much stronger action against Putin economically. Cut off all credit card receipts and the United States could do that easily. Would that be warmongering?
BECKEL: No. But that's a different story. Warmongering is putting ourselves in a position where we will potentially trigger a war. Cutting off credit cards is not doing that. I think that more could be done. The fact is the United States has done some limited sanctions. The Europeans who should be doing them are not only not doing them but they're aiding and abetting Putin like the French.
O'REILLY: And they are cowards.
BECKEL: Exactly as far as I'm concerned they are.
O'REILLY: So they are not warmongers they are the opposite.
BECKEL: They're the opposite of warmongers. They are peaceniks.
O'REILLY: All right. They're peaceniks. I don't think they're peaceniks. They couldn't care less, they just want money.
All right. So now my solution is provocative. So you put Putin in a corner like that, he is a rat, right?
BECKEL: He's a rat but he's is vastly overestimated.
O'REILLY: You may be right but you may be wrong because Putin will warmonger.
BECKEL: No, I'm not wrong.
O'REILLY: He will warmonger.
BECKEL: Yes (inaudible). He has got nothing to warmonger with.
O'REILLY: He's got a big army. He's got tanks and he's got --
BECKEL: Send them across borders. They tried it in Georgia, they got beat and now he's got some surrogates doing it in Ukraine.
O'REILLY: Well, he's certainly warmongering in Ukraine. I mean he's obviously doing that.
BECKEL: Sure he is but in the end, is he going to get Ukraine? No.
O'REILLY: But, listen to my question. If I'm the President and I say, listen, Vlad we are not going to take any more credit card receipts from Russia. That destroys his infrastructure right there. He may say Ok, Bill. Because you did that, now I'm going to take over all of Ukraine. I'm going to send Russian troops and tanks in. Then there is a war.
BECKEL: There is a war with who?
O'REILLY: You are not following, are you?
BECKEL: I'm following exactly what you are saying. You are suggesting the credit card receipts --
O'REILLY: Slower or what?
BECKEL: I don't need you to speak slower -- I can keep up with you. Most people can't, but I can.
O'REILLY: Ok. Here's the question that I will rephrase. Is it war mongering to put Putin in an economic corner where he may lash back militarily?
BECKEL: Absolutely not. Why?
O'REILLY: So then that's not war mongering.
BECKEL: No, of course not.
O'REILLY: But I'm putting him in a corner.
BECKEL: War is war. That is war. War is us going to war.
O'REILLY: Economic war.
BECKEL: You can do economic war. That's not warmongering. If you decide you are going to cut off oil and gas to the Europeans, if they are willing to have the guts to do it, then that's not warmongering, that's choking this guy economically.
O'REILLY: Ok but that might start a shooting war.
BECKEL: War with who? Who is he going to shoot?
O'REILLY: He's going to shoot. Russia, I hate to break this to you, has the capacity to overrun Eastern Europe. They could do it if they wanted.
BECKEL: They could not overrun Eastern Europe.
O'REILLY: Sure they could. Who's going to fight him?
BECKEL: Poland is a member of NATO. We would go in there at that point. That would be warmongering, if you attack a country that we have in a relationship, relationship to protect then --
O'REILLY: Then you'd be ok with it.
BECKEL: I would certainly be -- but he doesn't have - he's not going to do that.
O'REILLY: All right.
BECKEL: The worse thing that could happen to him was that Malaysian Airliner shot down -- worse thing that ever happened to him.
O'REILLY: Iran, would we be warmongering if we say to Iran if you do not stop nuclear weapon development, we and Israel are going to bomb you is that warmongering?
BECKEL: That's going to war for a good reason.
O'REILLY: That's justified?
BECKEL: That's justified.
O'REILLY: All right. All right, Beckel, you are sounding kind of cogent.
BECKEL: Thank you.
O'REILLY: You know. Did you get a lot of sleep last night?
BECKEL: I'm just debating you and I don't find you as intimidating as a lot of people do.
O'REILLY: No. You like this don't you.
BECKEL: I do very much.
O'REILLY: Because you know why. You know why you like this?
BECKEL: Why?
O'REILLY: Because people actually see you.
BECKEL: I think they see me on "THE FIVE". We are not that far behind you, O'Reilly. (Inaudible) That's all right.
O'REILLY: It's a different audience.
BECKEL: You have always been number one I have got to give you credit for that. But it isn't going to last forever.
O'REILLY: Well, you know, when I leave it won't. But as long as I'm here.
BECKEL: When you leave I won't believe it.
O'REILLY: Here's the deal. If we're not number one when I am here I start a war.
BECKEL: Good go ahead.
O'REILLY: I'm going to warmonger. I'm going to wag the dog.
BECKEL: You're going to go to war against Megyn or "THE FIVE".
O'REILLY: "THE FIVE". I will invade "THE FIVE". And it will turn on you Beckel.
BECKEL: We got you a few days. I was going to go tap on your door and they wouldn't let me do it. They said you would be a pain in the ass about it.
O'REILLY: You're babbling now.
All right. Give Beckel a hand he made a little bit of sense today.


