


By Bill O'Reilly
According to a new "Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll, 47 percent of Americans feel the country is less safe than it was before we were attacked on 9/11 2001. That number is up, way up from 28 percent just last year proving that Americans are very worried about President Obama's ability to protect us from harm. The Journal's lead editorial today explains why Mr. Obama's foreign policy has increased anxiety.
The President has tried to reason with the Russian tyrant Putin even pulling missiles out of Poland and the Czech Republic as a gesture of goodwill. In return, Putin has violated international law attempting to demean Barack Obama and the West.
Mr. Obama refused to help pro-democracy forces in Iran believing that appeasing the mullahs would lead to detente. It didn't work. Iran continues to defy the world on nukes.
President Obama backed off from taking action against the Syrian tyrant Assad and did not arm moderate forces fighting him. The result Assad is still in power and ISIS terror army controls much of rural Syria.
Mr. Obama could not convince Iraq to allow U.S. troops to stay under a protected arrangement. The result, we pulled out and the Iraqi government under Maliki collapsed, allowing ISIS to occupy much of that country.
And finally by announcing the withdrawal of U.S. troops in Afghanistan, the President has emboldened the Taliban and destabilized hard-fought gains made by NATO forces.
All over the world, the decline of American power is causing chaos. China is on the march; Africa is under siege by Muslim extremists; Egypt, Libya and Pakistan in chaos. That is the back drop for tonight's foreign policy speech by the President, himself under siege by the American people who are finally waking up to the fact that the U.S.A. is not being managed in an effective way.
Mr. Obama's poll numbers are cratering thus the attempt tonight to convince us he has things under control. "Talking Points" said months ago that ISIS should be bombed inside Syria and everywhere else.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: And what has President Obama done to the ISIS army? Has he bombed their caravans to and from Syria? Has he directed drones at their leaders and their headquarters? No, he has not. And U.S. intel warned the President that Islamic militants were gathering power in Syria. But he did nothing -- nothing, to stop that.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, tonight, the President is expected to announce expanded bombing. I also told President Obama face to face that he would get nowhere with radical Muslim groups like the Brotherhood.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Muslim Brotherhood of great concern to a lot of people. Are they a threat to the U.S.A.?
BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I think that the Muslim Brotherhood is one faction in Egypt. They don't have majority support in Egypt. But they are well-organized and there are strains of their ideology that are anti-U.S. There is no doubt about it.
O'REILLY: Those are tough boys the Muslim Brotherhood. I wouldn't want them anywhere near that government.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: And those words proved to be true. No matter what the President says tonight, it is doubtful that Barack Obama realizes the danger, the true danger, this country is facing. And the Wall Street Journal lays some of the blame on his enablers. Quote, "Mr. Obama's intellectual and media defenders were complicit, cheering on his flight from world leadership as prudent management of the U.S. decline. Even now some of his most devoted acolytes write that Mr. Obama's caution has Islamic State's jihadists right where he wants them," unquote.
In this age of high tech distraction it takes a lot to wise many of us up. But most Americans now understand President Obama's world vision is failing. And it is up to him to turn that around.
And that's "The Memo".

