With Mr. Obama under heavy fire for granting about five million illegal aliens residency in America, he has to tread softly on any issue involving the rule of law. As you may know some Americans believe the President is violating the constitution with his new policy on undocumented people.
So he is in a tough spot over the police shooting in Ferguson, Missouri. Some on the far left want the President to promote the belief that police are mowing young black men. So far the President has not -- has not -- made any anti-police statements.
What he has done is appropriate $75 million for police to have cameras on their person. That is a good thing, in areas where the police wear cameras on their uniforms charges against them by civilians have dropped dramatically. The camera's protect honest cops as well as discourage police abuse.
But other than that the President has been vague on Ferguson.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It is not just a problem for some. It is not just a problem for a particular community or a particular demographic. It means that we are not as strong as a country as we can be. And when applied to the criminal justice system it means we're not as effective in fighting crime as we could be.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: That statement means absolutely nothing. It is blather, with all due respect. Talking Points believes the President should stay out of the Ferguson controversy. He obviously has to uphold the grand jury decision not to indict Officer Wilson because if he subverted that, the rule of law could collapse. So Mr. President, please stay out of it.
All over America folks are discussing what has happened in the Michael Brown killing. And that is a good thing. Let's get the issue of race and policing on the table. Of course, opinions vary. Listen to former NBA star Charles Barkley.
(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)
BARKLEY: We have to be really careful with the cops, man, because if it wasn't for the cops we would be living in the Wild, Wild West in our neighborhoods. I think we can't pick out certain incidents that don't go our way and act like the cops are all bad. I hate when we do that. Because think about it. Do you know how bad some of these neighborhoods would be if it was not for the cops?
(END AUDIO CLIP)
O'REILLY: But then you have anti-white fanatic Louis Farrakhan.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
FARRAKHAN: As long as they kill us and go to Wendy's and have a burger and go to sleep they're going to keep killing us. But when we die and they die, then soon we're going to sit at a table and talk about it. We want some of this earth, or we'll tear this (EXPLETIVE DELETED) country up.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now haters like Farrakhan will use any excuse to demonize white people and stir up racial hatred. That is what the man does. And it is a shame that some Americans buy into it because we are all in this together. If only that philosophy would take root that all Americans have a common interest in prosperity for all Americans. If only we helped each other out, all of this garbage would dissipate and Farrakhan would be no more.
And that's “The Memo”.

