By Bill O'Reilly
As you may know, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush thinking about running for president. If he does, he says he will run as an all-inclusive guy on the Republican side. Over the weekend, the Governor made that quite clear when he spoke about illegal immigration.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BUSH: I'm going to say this and it will be on tape and so be it. The way I look at this is someone who comes to our country because they couldn't come legally, they come to our country because their families, you know a dad who loved their children was worried that their children didn't have food on the table, and they, you know, wanted to make sure their family was intact. Yes, they broke the law, but it's not a felony. It's kind -- it's a -- it's an act of love.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, that point of view has angered some hardliners who believe that foreign nationals breaking the law should be punished, not granted amnesty.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. JOHN BOEHNER (R-OH), SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE: I understand what Jeb was saying, but we're also a nation of laws. And for those who are here without documents, they are going to have to face the law at some point.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: And that's true. Anyone who crosses our border illegally or overstays a visa should pay a price. Let me repeat anyone who does that should be punished to some extent.
But as "Talking Points" has said time and again, the illegal alien problem is partially the fault of the U.S. government itself because for decades it didn't stop people from crossing the border illegally. It let them come right over. And for decades it did not track down visa violators, didn't care. So America itself has some culpability here.
Also what Jeb Bush says is true. Many illegal aliens came here out of desperation to feed their families. So compassion -- if we are a compassionate nation must be in play. That being said some illegals are bad people who should be thrown out of here immediately. Each case is different.
The Republican Party must compromise on the immigration issue or it will lose the presidency again in 2016. Last time around Mitt Romney got only 27 percent of the Hispanic votes, 71 percent went for President Obama. If that happens again, you can say hello to President Hillary Clinton. Jeb Bush and other moderate Republicans understand that Hispanic Americans must be courted to some extent. And showing compassion towards other Hispanics is a good way to do that.
But it's not all political. The USA should be a nation that understands oppression. If you've ever been to Mexico, Central America, South America, you know most people down there live and die of poverty. It's awful. This country has always welcomed good people from other country. But it must be done in a lawful way.
Talking Points has put forth a sane immigration plan to deal with perhaps as many as 12 million human beings. All of them -- all of them must register with the federal government within six months. If you do not, it's a felony. You will be detained.
Borders of the United States must be upgraded so illegal entry becomes extremely difficult. That must be verified by Congress. Undocumented aliens themselves must pay a fine and apply for citizenship.
But they wouldn't be given preferential status. It will take a while. Along the way, they would have to learn English, pay taxes, no welfare. They would, however, be given the right to work as many foreign nationals are doing right now.
But once this immigration reform is put into place no other illegal alien would ever, ever be put on a citizenship track. No more illegal intrusion. If you're caught, you're detained and deported, period. That's got to be in any new law.
Now that is a fair plan. And again if the Republican Party gets behind that and can somehow come up with a good economic message it, will be able to compete in 2016. If it does not, Mrs. Clinton will be very happy.
And that's "The Memo."

