By Bill O'Reilly
No question some Democrats are trying to destroy New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. That's because they see him as a threat to Hillary Clinton in 2016 in the Presidential race.
Christie's traffic scandal is pretty bad. Lots of people were adversely effected he says he didn't know about it, fair-minded people should believe him until there is evidence to the contrary.
Mr. Christie's style which propelled him to political success is now hurting him. One of the reasons Mitt Romney lost to President Obama in 2012 was that Governor Romney is too much of a gentleman. He refused to take the fight to the President, for example, in a third debate on foreign policy, Romney could have knocked the President all over the place with pointed questions about Benghazi he did not do it stunning many of us who felt it was a legitimate foreign policy issue.
But Romney apparently did not have the fire in the belly to deliver a knockout blow. Christie does and therefore is a threat to the power of the Democratic Party because believe me that party has lots of problems right now on lots of different fronts. And Christie who is attractive to Independent voters could exploit those difficulties. Therefore Christie must be marginalized. And a good way to do that is to use his bluster against him.
Brit Hume put it this way.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Men today have learned the lesson the hard way that if you act like a kind of an old fashioned guy's guy you are in constant danger of slipping out and saying something that's going to get you in trouble and make you look like a sexist or make you look like you seem thuggish or whatever.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So if you are passionate and state your position firmly and flamboyantly as Governor Christie does, you become a huge target especially if you make a mistake.
Now, "Talking Points" believes the Democratic Party does not fear hard right conservatives like Senator Cruz and Senator Paul. The left believes there are not enough committed conservative voters to elect those men. Of course, they could be wrong. Both Cruz and Paul are smart guys who can raise a lot of money. And they will certainly be factors in the upcoming primaries.
But again Governor Christie is at this point the biggest threat to the Democratic Party. So we are seeing a personal campaign lodged against him that will not calm down any time soon.
And that's "The Memo."

