By Bill O'Reilly
New Gallup poll says that Mr. Obama's job approval rating is not getting much better. Just 41 percent of Americans now approve; 53 percent disapprove.
At the same point in his term President Bush the younger had a 42 percent job approval rating one point higher and that was in the middle of the Iraq war. While most Democrats still approve of the President Republicans overwhelmingly do not. Independents do not. And now the far left is turning against Mr. Obama --
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
STONE: And none of the things he promised -- transparency, a government that would reconsider the war on terror and these programs. None of that happened -- none of it. And in his choice of advisors early on it was very clear right away when he picked Hillary Clinton that and Robert Gates who is a criminal, basically.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: As you may know Director Oliver Stone is a radical guy. He was a big supporter of the Venezuelan tyrant Hugo Chavez. I wonder what Stone is thinking now as Venezuela dissents into chaos with rioting in the streets. People getting killed? Last year it's estimated about 25,000 Venezuelans died because the crime rate there is so out of control.
Folks have had enough and are demanding changes from the government that Oliver Stone so fervently supported. But I digress. It is quite clear that some elements on the left are disappointed because President Obama is not radical enough. The far left despises the war on terror, does not want any meaningful surveillance to stop attacks, and generally opposes the capitalistic system.
While their numbers are small, they get a lot of attention because there are some very wealthy people like George Soros behind the movement. Does President Obama care a whit about what the far left thinks? I don't think so because it has little to do with his quest for social justice. Barack Obama understands the terror threat and has been aggressive in using drones to neutralize it. He also understands that a robust surveillance apparatus is necessary to stop terror attacks.
However, the far left has a point in demanding more accountability from the spy agencies. One side note: the far left doesn't really care if we're attacked because they believe the USA is the root cause of worldwide terrorism. So to them we're just getting what we deserve.
But the majority of Americans are not ideologues. They just want some security and prosperity and under the Obama administration those things have been elusive. But for the zealots, economic problems are not important. They want an entirely different America and it is clear President Obama is not going to deliver that.
And that's "The Memo."

