

O'REILLY: "Factor Follow up Segment" tonight. As you may know I have been critical of the singer Beyonce for putting out music and videos that are libertine in tone. For adults that doesn't matter as that happens all the time. But the young girls especially those who do not -- do not have parental supervision what Beyonce does could have a negative influence.
We pointed that out. We also pointed out Beyonce along with her husband wrapper Jay-Z is worth to close to $1 billion with the "b" dollars. So she doesn't have to put out stuff like this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
(MUSIC)
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: This week "Time" magazine put Beyonce on its cover as one of the most influential people in the world. The article about her was very positive saying she empowers women. Well, that's a load of nonsense. Beyonce is an entertainer. That's like saying Elvis Presley empowered truck drivers and the Beatles empowered -- nonsense.
Joining us from Los Angeles is radio talk show host and attorney Eboni Williams and from Washington Penny Nance president of Concerned Women for America. So what do you say about Beyonce Miss Nance?
PENNY NANCE, PRESIDENT OF CONCERNED WOMEN FOR AMERICA: Yes she is certainly influential. She has sold about 200 million records during her career. But, really, the question is whether she is the right influence. Especially for very young women who have buying her albums. Writer Kelli Goff who writes for "The Huffington Post" who is not a conservative says that Beyonce is known mostly for -- not just for her singing but for doing it with very little clothing. And you know and that's true she talk is very inflicted she talks a lot about being a feminist empowering women.
But at the same time she equates power with hyper sexuality. She is the one that brought us those great lyrics, bootylicious and I think you talked about drunk love which is sold the virtue of being so drunk you black out and don't remember who you had sex with.
So you know I'm disappointed. I wish she would use her influence to impact the culture in a way that's positive. And you know, talk to girls about academics and talk to them about being entrepreneurs.
O'REILLY: Well I don't know if she -- that's not really her role to be a speech maker. But I do agree that she has enough talent to do it another way.
Eboni, the point here is this, that young people in America are influence by entertainment. There is no question about this study after study after study. And on Monday we're going to have a psychiatrist that's going to come in and back that up.
And Beyonce doesn't need the money and she could put out other mainstream stuff that she would like. She chooses not to. Yet "Time" magazine thinks that's just terrific and you say?
EBONI WILLIAMS, ATTORNEY: Well Bill I think that "Time" magazine got it right in terms of her influence. And even, you know -- Ms. Nance agreed we can't dispute the fact that she has had the capacity to influence at least this conversation, Bill. We are at least talking about what it is to properly affect feminism.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: Look there are a lot of people in the world who have influence, ok? And some of it is not so good.
WILLIAMS: Yes Vladimir Putin is on the list as well.
O'REILLY: Yes and we'll talk about him a little later on. But let's stick with Beyonce.
All right now we have a very, very good initiative in Washington, My Brother's Keeper. But it doesn't address cultural deficits that we see not only black precincts but in poor white precincts and Hispanic precincts with children unsupervised who are doing things that are harmful to them. Beyonce is part of that problem. Eboni she's part of that problem.
WILLIAMS: Bill, your chief complaint is context if I understand you correctly and you feel as if there is not enough context around the hyper sexual imagery she is putting out.
O'REILLY: No and that's not my chief complaint. My chief complaint is that for adults I couldn't care less. But she knows --
WILLIAMS: Right.
O'REILLY: -- this woman knows that young girls getting pregnant in the African-American community and now it's about 70 percent out of wedlock. She knows and doesn't seem to care Eboni. That's my problem with her.
WILLIAMS: Bill teen pregnancy across the country is coming down to be clear on that point. But also it's not a contradiction. And here is the thing when we talk about feminism and what it means it's not a singular stand. And though didn't yet that Beyonce also released with this individual album, Bill that actually talked about empowering. It talked about the fact that she is not speaking -- she's talking about fantasy.
O'REILLY: All right the empowering stuff is just so much garbage. I mean I can't even believe it. Empowering, what? She sings songs. All right. Go ahead, Penny, what say you?
WILLIAMS: But it's not. That's truly what feminism is Bill?
O'REILLY: She sings songs. All right. Go ahead, Penny, what say you?
NANCE: You know, actually, you know, she is part of the club. She is one of the cool kids. They gave her the cover because of that they are in the entertainment and mainstream media love her. But the bottom line is she doesn't use her power for good often. She has a great marriage apparently. I wish she would really talk to kids in that community about marriage and about getting married first and then having a baby like she did.
O'REILLY: Well let's assume she does that. Let's assume she does --
Williams: She does do that though.
O'REILLY: Let's assume she does all of those things. But the overriding thing --
NANCE: Her music does not do that.
O'REILLY: That's right, that's what people --
WILLIAMS: That is an indictment of us, Bill.
(CROSSTALK)
O'REILLY: All right. It's not an indictment of us, Eboni, so much so as it's a choice. And adults can make the choice. Children can't.
NANCE: That's right.
O'REILLY: All right -- children absorb.
WILLIAMS: But that's the indictment of what we value. We should look to the other things that she is putting out about her community and about business. We're having a conversation about what it is to be a business woman and mogul.
O'REILLY: I'm not buying any of that, all right? She was born with a talent that God gave her. She has made an enormous amount of money. She should be smart enough to know what she is doing now is harming some children. She doesn't seem to care.
Ladies, thank you.


