

O'REILLY: "Factor Follow up Segment" tonight, protecting unsupervised American children.
As you may know President Obama signed an initiative called My Brother's Keeper which encourages American corporations to help children at risk. It's a good initiative.
But one of the things that it does not address is the crude culture. The entertainment industry is marketing that crude culture to impressionable kids. Earlier this week, I said the singer Beyonce worth an estimated $350 million does not have to put out a raunchy product that might hurt young girls. Well, the entertainment industry doesn't like that at all.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Is Beyonce bad for your kids that is what Bill O'Reilly seems to think. Hi everybody and welcome "Entertainment Tonight" it shouldn't come as a big surprise. I mean of course he's the man who loves to stir up controversy this is not a deposition but actually it may have felt like one for music mogul Russell Simmons who went on Bill's show to promote a book and then he was hit like this.
O'REILLY: An entertainer like Beyonce and a mogul like you have an obligation to protect children.
RUSSELL SIMMONS: I went on the show under the pretext that I would be talking about my book and he's blindsided me.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Yes that's complete bull -- blindsided him. Simmons knew we were going to talk about the music industry. What did he think I'm going to give him six minutes on his dopey book? I mean come on we don't do that for anybody. Simmons is just too frightened to answer the questions as simple as that. He blindsided me. What do you live on Mars? I mean you know what this show is.
Joining us now from Washington Laura Ingraham who first brought the Beyonce video to my attention.
LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Don't -- don't blind side me O'Reilly ok. I'm really afraid.
O'REILLY: I know he meditates a lot but 24/7. I mean come on.
INGRAHAM: Oh come on man.
O'REILLY: And he has been on this show before.
INGRAHAM: Knock it off butter cup.
O'REILLY: He knows what's goes on and -- and let me just get this on the record. Our producer told him hey we are going to talk about the music industry and what's going on and all of that.
But here is the deal with Simmons this is why he wouldn't answer the question about Beyonce. There is a lot of money in play here. All right there is a tremendous amount of money in this entertainment pipeline, this music industry, rap, hip hop, video, all of it ties in.
And the entertainment industry tends it protect its own. And that's why the attacks on me are coming. What say you?
INGRAHAM: Yes, Bill, you are right. Beyonce, Jay-Z, they are entertainment royalty and they circle the wagons to protect their big money makers.
O'REILLY: You bet.
INGRAHAM: I will -- I will say, Bill, that they do make moral judgments. This idea that well the market dictates it you know it's these record companies that are to blame. This is what the public wants. That's a fallacious argument. I mean they -- they probably would find an audience, Bill, for hip hop that was you know gay bashing or -- or anti- Semitic or had racist undertones or was -- or in some way not palatable or not politically correct. They wouldn't -- they wouldn't support that, they wouldn't put it out, they wouldn't say well, there are some in the market who really want this skin head hip hop. They wouldn't do it, right? Because we have made a collective judgment as a society that we want to try to, if we can protect children, the young, the vulnerable, the ones who are already in inner city environments, especially and -- and underserved communities that need -- that need some help here.
O'REILLY: There are two points in play number one "Entertainment Tonight" usually a fair program. I don't have a beef with them.
INGRAHAM: Yes.
O'REILLY: They are usually fair to us. But the central core of this is the My Brother's Keeper Initiative and that if you can't change what's going on in the poor precincts unless you change the culture.
INGRAHAM: Right.
O'REILLY: You've got to stop teenagers from having babies. You've got -- and "Entertainment Tonight" they don't get into that it's just me bashing Beyonce.
INGRAHAM: Well of course not. No.
O'REILLY: But there is a second element though.
INGRAHAM: Yes.
O'REILLY: When you basically are putting yourself out there, all right, to say to make a judgment that this hurts children, oh, no, you can't could that.
INGRAHAM: Well they do it all the time.
O'REILLY: And that's why we have the problem because for the past 50 years who has protected kids in the United States? Who?
INGRAHAM: Right well, usually families and the entertainment industry will just throw up their hands and say well parents you have to do a better job. But I really believe they do make moral judgments Bill. They are their moral judgments. And if anyone else has a question or say gee this is not -- showing Beyonce essentially looking like a stripper throughout a lot of her video is probably not the best message to send to young girls.
O'REILLY: No I don't care about it for adults. Let me ask you one more question and by the way if you are an adult you watch this all day long.
INGRAHAM: Watch whatever you want to.
O'REILLY: Well look whatever. It doesn't matter to me. Beyonce is $350 million in the bank.
INGRAHAM: Yes.
O'REILLY: And she is talented. She has a good voice and she could be on Broadway. She could do a lot of things. Why on earth would she choose to do this vehicle -- I don't get it. I don't get it.
INGRAHAM: We can only surmise, right. And maybe she feels like this is the way to remain relevant in a culture that is continually ramping itself up and becoming more and more hyper-sexualized. I mean Adele doesn't -- Adele doesn't look like Beyonce maybe but Adele just sings. She performs and she has a huge following.
It's hard to do that. It's not to have all the trappings of the current culture sometimes. You have to stand alone on a stage, you don't lipsync you perform and it's hard. Beyonce does have a lot of talent and she could a great role model.
O'REILLY: Yes, I mean I understand. I got -- Snoop Dogg -- he can't do anything else. 50-cent he can't do anything else. I got that. But this woman, she is very talented and she is supposed to be also -- she knows her talent comes from God. Help God out a little bit. Help God out. Just a little.
INGRAHAM: But, Bill, you are not giving her credit. She has come on board the band -- the word bossy campaign. That's really going to empower girls. This is going to somehow not hurt them, ok.
O'REILLY: We're going to do that later. I got that later coming up. All right, Laura.


