By Bill O'Reilly
According to all the polls, most Americans believe the USA is in trouble on many fronts and they are holding President Obama accountable for some of the distress but not all.
The President understands many Americans are not paying attention to what's happening overseas. It's all too distant and complicated. In fact a recent Pew poll, a majority do not even want to fight terrorists who are surging in Iraq. The question: do you think the USA has a responsibility to do something about the violence in Iraq? 55 percent say no; 39 percent yes.
Apparently many of us do not see the danger of the ISIS army worse than al Qaeda establishing a base inside Iraq, a base that could threaten the USA. The 9/11 attack was the worst thing to happen to this country since World War II. Most of us were caught completely by surprise. Few of us had even heard of al Qaeda back then.
Well, the same thing is happening now. Most Americans don't know what the ISIS army is. They don't know that Iran is close to having a nuclear weapon. And they don't know that Israel is pretty much saying it will not tolerate a nuclear Iran and war may be looming.
New York City, right here, the media capital of the world -- so we asked some of the folks who live in the city about crucial issues overseas.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Do you have any idea of what is happening in the Middle East and in Iran right now?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No. I mean I know there is a lot of stuff going on. But I'm just -- I don't like to pay attention to it.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm not quite sure about what's happening there.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There is the Gaza Strip and Palestine, all of that is happening. I am more focused on what is happening in Africa, let's bring back our girls. And I think that is something that's being swept under the rug by everybody.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I've got to be honest I haven't been up to date. I have been kind of busy with my work schedule so I haven't been following.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There is a civil war. And Iran is under threat from Syria, who would like Iran to be and Iraq to be part of the Persian Empire again.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Rihanna tweeted yesterday about -- about free Palestine and half of the United States freaked out about it.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sectarian war I'm thinking.
WATTERS: Who is at war?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sunnis and -- who's the other one?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's kind of -- I don't know, confused over there.
WATTERS: Like you?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: In this age of social media Americans becoming more apathetic concerned primarily with their wallets and personal lives. "Talking Points" believes many Americans simply don't understand how weakness is putting all of us in danger, physical danger.
In 1962, President Kennedy wrote a letter to the commander of the American Legion which said, quote, "We must be strong so that the weakest does not tempt hostile nations into miscalculations. It has been encouraging to note that during the last months our increased strength has produced more favorable tides in many parts of the world."
JFK knowing that peace through strength is the only way security happens. I wish President Obama knew that.
And that's "The Memo."

