Today in Frankfurt, Germany thousands of protesters caused havoc as violence broke out because the European Central Bank's new headquarters is in that town. Close to 600 protesters were detained. The protesters in Frankfurt call themselves "Blockupy" off the Occupy Wall Street movement here in the U.S.A. Obviously, this is a blatant anti-free market play. These people are either communists or socialists. They want governments to run the economic show and they want to punish wealthy people.
In Europe, Greece is bankrupt because of their socialistic policies with the EU actually funding that country now and there is little hope of repayment. Spain and Italy both in trouble economically as well.
And it all comes back to the same thing, private enterprise being strangled by big government spending and regulations. Entitlements, free stuff, giving people the means to live -- giving it to them, rather than having them earn their way.
Here in America, President Obama is sympathetic to the big government economic intrusion.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive. Somebody invested in roads and bridges. If you have a business, you didn't build that -- somebody else made that happen.
The Internet didn't get invented on its own. Government research created the Internet so that all the companies could make money off the Internet.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Mr. Obama telling an audience in Virginia that his big government vision is the reason individuals succeed. Therefore, those individuals should be compelled to give a large portion of their assets back to the government. The good news is, the crazy left wing economic stuff has not really taken deep root here in the U.S.A., at least not yet.
We do have a quasi-socialistic senator in Elizabeth Warren, who if Hillary Clinton goes down could compete in the Democratic sweepstakes for president. We also have Senator Bernie Sanders, a socialist, who Vermont voters have elected ten times. But the most frightening of all is this man, George Soros, the billionaire who made huge money trading currencies rooting for countries to fail. Soros has now taken his ill-gotten gains and is financing the most radical left wing organizations in America.
He is a shadow puppet master behind corrupt far-left groups like Media Matters. Soros has his tentacles into political organizations like the Center for American Progress which has provided operatives for the Obama administration, some of who are now going over to the Hillary Clinton campaign.
Few Americans even know who Soros is, but the 84-year-old uber leftist is behind much of the political strife in this country. So let's be clear. When a bank opening in Frankfurt, Germany causes injury to nearly 100 police officers and millions of dollars worth of damage, there is a problem.
We Americans have to wake up and counter the problem.
Tomorrow, Bernie Goldberg will report on media people who are actually helping the radical left.
And that's “The Memo”.

