
O'REILLY: "Impact Segment" tonight, did Hillary Clinton hurt or help herself yesterday testifying before the Benghazi committee?
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mr. Chairman, what are the most important new things you learned today?
REP. TREY GOWDY (R), SOUTH CAROLINA: In terms of her testimony? I don't know that she testified that much differently today than she has the previous times she testified. I would have to go back and look at the transcript.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Don't bother, Congressman. There was little difference in Mrs. Clinton's posture on Benghazi. My analyst is posted is on billoreilly.com.
With us now, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, a presidential contender. Do you think Secretary Clinton hurt or helped herself yesterday?
CHRISTIE: She helped herself yesterday.
O'REILLY: You think so.
CHRISTIE: I do because, you know, they didn't uncover anything new. They allowed her to get her talking points out over and over again. And they were falling over each other looking ineffective. Looked like congress, I mean -- you know.
O'REILLY: Yes. I mean look, her talking points are essentially this though and this is what I said last night. I didn't know anything about it because it's not my job -- the security professionals' job.
So you got a hot spot. You're deeply involved in the Libyan situation because you wanted to remove Gadhafi. Your ambassador writes a cable to you, which you say you never saw, saying we need more security. It's not provided and he winds up dead.
Do you really think American people are going to buy it's not my job to protect my people?
CHRISTIE: Absolutely not.
O'REILLY: Well then how can you say it didn't hurt her?
CHRISTIE: Well, you said yesterday. It's going to hurt her in the long term, Bill. But you have got to get somebody who can effectively question her and hold her to account. We didn't have anybody on that congressional committee yesterday who could do that.
O'REILLY: Why do you think that is? Because I told them what to do.
CHRISTIE: Well, they didn't listen. The fact is this is why I have been making the argument all along. When we get to the debates next September you need a prosecutor up there to prosecute --
O'REILLY: So you think you could have taken Hillary Clinton down yesterday.
CHRISTIE: I think I could have done.
O'REILLY: And you would have led with what?
CHRISTIE: I would have led with exactly what you just talked about which was if it wasn't your responsibility, whose was it, madam secretary? Is that what you are telling the folks out there whose family members were killed that this was not important enough for you? That their safety was not important
I want to just know on the record, Madam Secretary, you're saying it's not important enough for you to have spent the time to protect their safety.
O'REILLY: Well, the congressman from Kansas even took it a little further and that, I think, was the most damaging sequence with Hillary Clinton. He said look, if you are not going to admit that it's your job to protect your people in dangerous areas which Mrs. Clinton obviously says it isn't my job, then why didn't you fire the people who screwed up? Nobody got fired.
CHRISTIE: Of course. And this is the problem, Bill. Americans want accountability from their leaders.
O'REILLY: Do they really? Hillary Clinton's --
CHRISTIE: I believe they do.
O'REILLY: -- polling at 50 percent.
CHRISTIE: The bottom line is that's because she hasn't been held to account yet by anybody opposing her. They had that love fest debate the other night. Two of the people have dropped out since the debate. They weren't every serious about being there or holding to her account. Anderson Cooper was totally in the tank.
I mean let's be serious.
O'REILLY: You think he was in the tank on purpose.
CHRISTIE: No, I think that's just his disposition.
O'REILLY: His disposition -- ok.
CHRISTIE: That's his point of view.
O'REILLY: You got a debate next week and you really have to start to come up in the polls. Would you say you have to start to come up in the polls?
CHRISTIE: Sure. I think we have to start soon.
O'REILLY: Around six -- right, is that what they have you Real Clear?
CHRISTIE: Yes.
O'REILLY: You would have to get into double digits fairly soon to keep it going, right?
CHRISTIE: You know Bill, I think that very much depends upon who else is in the race and what else they are doing. We are seeing the race turn a lot right now. We're going to now see Ben Carson in two new polls ahead of Donald Trump. Donald Trump is dropping --
O'REILLY: In Iowa?
CHRISTIE: Right. Listen, those are the ones that matter Bill -- you know that.
O'REILLY: Santorum won Iowa last time around. I mean I don't think we have to really give them that much weight. But I want to talk about you though.
CHRISTIE: Sure.
O'REILLY: So, you are at 6 percent and Trump and Carson are in the 20s. This is a national deal.
CHRISTIE: Yes.
O'REILLY: You have got to close that gap. How are you going to do that with ten people -- again, this is the same problem, on the stage? Your air time is going to be like this. How are you going to do it?
CHRISTIE: Just have to make the most use of your time. You've got to perform really well. And listen, it's not the only thing that matters.
As we get closer to the first people voting, you are going to have more and more intense media scrutiny on all of us. When the lights go on, Bill, either you are going to shine or you're going to melt.
O'REILLY: You have done pretty well in the debates so far, I think. You didn't screw up.
CHRISTIE: Thank you.
O'REILLY: You didn't hit anybody.
CHRISTIE: Thank you again.
O'REILLY: That was -- you know, is he going to clock somebody?
CHRISTIE: That's plus two for me. That's really good.
O'REILLY: Right. But you are still at 6.
CHRISTIE: That's ok. That's ok though Bill because no one -- we are 100 days away from Iowa. Let's everybody just make sure we understand what that means. We have the right --
O'REILLY: Are you in it for Iowa? Will you stay no matter what until Iowa?
CHRISTIE: Absolutely.
O'REILLY: No matter what? Because you have to have money.
CHRISTIE: No matter what. Listen I'm from New Jersey. We know how to raise money, don't you worry. We'll be just fine.
O'REILLY: Yes, but I mean you don't want to wind up in the penitentiary.
CHRISTIE: Never. Never, Bill.
O'REILLY: Come on. I know.
CHRISTIE: Come on, what are you implying?
O'REILLY: No implication here. I lived in Jersey for five years.
CHRISTIE: We will take you back any time.
O'REILLY: Right. But I know how you raise money.
All right -- Governor. Thanks for coming in.
CHRISTIE: Thank you Bill.


