
O'REILLY: In the "Factor Follow Up Segment" tonight, President Obama visiting Roseburg Oregon on Friday -- this, because of the massacre there last week that took the lives of nine innocent Americans and wounded nine others. But because Mr. Obama has called for new gun control laws some people believe he has politicized the murders.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JAQUES: He wants to come to our community and stand on the corpses of our loved ones to make some kind of a political point and it isn't going to be well received. Not by our people, not by the families and not even by our elected officials.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
JOSH EARNEST, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: On Friday morning, the trip will not be about politics. But that trip would be about merely consoling the families of those who were so profoundly affected by that tragedy.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now Douglas County, Oregon where Roseburg is located is a conservative place and big gun country because of its rural setting. We sampled some opinion.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I guess I would question his agenda for coming to visit families. But -- and I hope he knows he is he walking into a hostile environment.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't think the timing is right for him to come here.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think it's great that he is coming to see the families. He visited the other families, you know, in the past from the other shootings. But, it's going to be political.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that Roseburg, as a community probably isn't reacting real well to it.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think it's nice he is taking the time to come. I just hope that he has the right motive for being here.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Is he coming to visit for families or is he coming for gun control?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If I was one of the families, I would kiss his sweet dippy and tell him to get the hell out of here.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Joining us now from Roseburg, Chris Boice, Douglas County Commissioner.
So the President says he will just visit the families of the victims, no politics. And you say, Mr. Boice?
CHRIS BOICE, DOUGLAS COUNTY COMMISSIONER: You know, I hope that's the case, Bill. It's difficult to judge one's motives. The President has been very clear since the beginning of this that he has an agenda about gun control.
But you know, for us here in this community our desire is to support the families and to help them with whatever they would like. And if the President is truly coming to visit the families, that would be great.
You heard a bunch of folks in our community question whether that is his motive or not. And that message is being, you know, delivered loud and clear in our community.
O'REILLY: I think the President will get the message and I don't think that he will overtly politicize the event when he comes to your town on Friday.
However as you know, Democrats are now trying to fast track gun control and this is -- the visit will bring more attention to that issue. So it may not be overt but certainly it's in the air.
BOICE: I understand and it's unfortunate because, you know, our goal from the beginning of this has not been to make this about politics and here we are talking about politics in the middle of this tragedy.
O'REILLY: How are the families -- and I know you are doing a great job yourself in comforting the families -- generally speaking, the families of the victims, can you describe what the situation is?
BOICE: You know, I haven't personally been able to have contact with all the victims. But I have had with a few. And their statements are exactly what we have heard already.
One young man told me, you know, I have no interest in talking to the President about the political issues. And I appreciate his stance on that.
O'REILLY: So I understand that Chris Mintz, who was shot seven times by the killer as he tried to intervene, is reluctant to see President Obama. Is that the case?
BOICE: Yes. I was fortunate enough to go in and visit with Chris Mintz and hear his story and what an amazing young man -- just an extremely humble individual. And when I mentioned to him that the President was coming. You know, he was not real excited about getting involved in the political part of this thing, either but humbled by the fact that the President of the United States would be interested in coming to visit him.
O'REILLY: Ok. So he will see the President but like many of the other victims and their families don't want to talk about politics, don't want to talk about gun control.
BOICE: Yes. My understanding is that he hasn't spoken with anyone from the White House yet and that he is not really interested in doing that. So I'm not sure where that stands as of this minute.
O'REILLY: All right. Well, we'll track the story. You know, I always say, look, the President of the United States -- you have got to respect the office. And if he is coming to --
BOICE: Absolutely.
O'REILLY: -- to comfort the people of Roseburg, then that's a good thing. And I do believe -- I know the President somewhat. I do believe that's what he will do. I don't believe he will politicize it in any way, shape, or form.
We appreciate your good work out there, Mr. Boice. Thanks for helping us tonight.
BOICE: Thank you.


