A few years ago some people were at saying Barack Obama was not born in the U.S.A. The Factor investigated and found birth announcements in both Honolulu newspapers. It would have been impossible for anyone to forge that. Thus it became clear to us the President was born here. The allegation that he was not is a big lie.
However, that lie is insignificant it has no effect on anyone's life. Today there are big lies that directly affect every single American.
Case number one: the supervisors in San Francisco refusing to cooperate with federal law on foreign felons who defy deportation. That killed 32-year-old Kate Steinle.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DAVID CAMPOS SAN FRANCISCO BOARD OF SUPERVISORS: What happened in the Steinle family case is tragic. But what's equally tragic is that this tragic incident is being used by people like Donald Trump, Bill O'Reilly, and others to scapegoat an entire community.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Complete lie. We have never scapegoated anyone. And to say what's "equally tragic" is that a political commentator disagrees with him, when there is a 32-year-old woman in the ground. That's equally tragic, is it, Mr. Campos?
In fact, in 2014, "Talking Points" laid out a very fair and effective immigration reform plan. You can check it out on BillOReilly.com where we have posted it. So David Campos does not tell the truth but even worse than that, even worse than that, he and his piers are anarchists.
They are refusing to comply with federal law, putting innocent people like Kate in danger. If I were the attorney general of the U.S.A., I would have Campos and his cohorts arrested and charged with obstruction of justice. I would do it.
Case number 2: President Obama believes the American justice system is biased against African-Americans. Therefore, some convicts should be released from prison because their sentences were too harsh. In the meantime violent crime in the U.S.A. is rising -- homicides in the 35 largest cities in the country up about 20 percent so far this year.
President Obama apparently thinks that heavyweight hard drug dealers are nonviolent -- a huge lie. Every law enforcement agent in the country knows that street drug trafficking is brutal -- brutal.
And there are few minor offenders in federal prison. For example, fewer than 1 percent of drug convicts have been convicted of simple drug possession. And how about the racial aspect that's driving insane sympathy for dope dealers -- well, Hispanics make up 48 percent of all the drug offenders in federal prison, blacks 27 percent, whites 22 percent. So another big lie is saying the government is targeting blacks in drug cases. Not happening.
Case number 3: Last week New York City police officer Randolph Holder shot dead by a long time drug dealer that a judge refused to incarcerate, instead, ordering the man to rehab. Tyrone Howard, there he is -- 28 arrests on his sheet. Again, the judge would not put him in prison. Thus Officer Holder is dead.
Less than a week after Officer Holder was killed, less than a week and before his funeral even took place, Hollywood director Quentin Tarantino traveled to New York City to condemn American police officers.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
TARANTINO: Michael Brown Jr.
CROWD: Michael Brown Jr.
TARANTINO: An 18-year-old black teenager, Ferguson, Missouri, on August 9, 2014 Michael was walking to his grandmother's house with a friend when he was stopped and harassed by Darren Wilson, a Ferguson cop. After being shot once, Michael tried to run away. He was shot a total of six times, including twice in the head.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Tarantino reading from a script. As you may remember, a grand jury saw this case completely differently. They exonerated Officer Wilson as testimony clearly demonstrated Michael Brown attacked the officer violently.
But to Tarantino who lives in a world of his own, facts don't matter. And he has no problem, Tarantino, with spreading big lies.
All of this has demoralized many American police officers and violent crime again is rising as we have reported. The entire situation has gotten the attention of FBI Director James Comey.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JAMES COMEY, FBI DIRECTOR: I spoke to officers privately in one biog city precinct who describe being surrounded by young people with mobile phones held high taunting them when they get out of their cars. They said to me, we feel under siege and we don't feel much like getting out of our cars.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So the big lies, now being spread by the far left are having a direct effect on life in America. And here's another disgraceful fact. Many in the media who are mandated to report the truth actually knowingly spread the lies.
And that's “The Memo”.

