Over the weekend I watched a documentary on HBO entitled "Night will Fall". It contained Actual footage from German concentration camps liberated at the end of World War II. Last week was the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz where 1.1 million people -- mostly Jews -- were slaughtered between 1940 and 1945.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: These children are twins. When identical twins were born to non-German parents, they were confiscated and handed over to an experimental station. German doctors injected them with diseases and attempted cures. Success in the cure was not important as these children were written off, unknown. They had no names -- only numbers tattooed on their arms.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Flash forward to now. Over the weekend we heard another civilian, a Japanese journalist beheaded by ISIS on camera. That makes seven beheadings, added to the thousands of other human beings the ISIS fanatics have murdered. So I ask you, what is the difference between ISIS, al Qaeda, the Taliban which recently slaughtered 133 children, and the Nazi killers? Simple question. What is the difference?
The honest answer is, there is no difference. It's the same mentality. Murder is acceptable for absolutely no reason whatsoever. During World War II the Allied Forces fought hard to defeat Germany and Japan. But that was after they had declared war on us. The U.S.A. was not proactive in destroying the Nazi menace or the Tojo's militaristic government in Japan. The result, close to 100 million human beings killed.
That's what we're facing again with the jihad especially because Iran is close to getting a nuclear weapon. Unfortunately, President Obama doesn't want to hear any of this. Here is his essential point of view.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
OBAMA: The truth of the matter is that we are doing exactly what we should be doing to make sure that while we're pushing back ISIL, we are not creating another situation in which we are deploying massive numbers of U.S. troops. And those who want us to shoot first and aim later, you know, typically get this country into really bad situations.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Well, here is a bulletin, Mr. Obama. We are already in bad situations. Americans are being murdered. And if the jihadists can, they will massacre millions of us. Also, any Jewish person on earth is a target.
So here's what President Obama should be doing. First, convene a worldwide conference on the jihad. In that conference, nations should be asked whether they will militarily cooperate in destroying the jihadist enemy. The nations that will cooperate will then begin to launch operations worldwide against ISIS, al Qaeda, the Taliban, and other designated groups.
Surely Japan will now be on board. France and Britain, they have to cooperate. But it will be fascinating to see how cowardly the world really is, which nations will sit it out.
The major mistake President Obama is making is telling the jihadists what he will not do. It is certainly true that most Americans don't want another ground war like Iraq and Afghanistan. And that should not happen. But targeted military strikes, using ground forces for many nations should absolutely happen. The goal should be to wipe the jihadists off the face of the earth, wherever they may be.
Again, it goes back to the Third Reich. Many people knew what their intent was but the world looked away and the worst Holocaust on earth took place. Believe me, that's brewing once again.
And that's “The Memo”.

