
O'REILLY: "Personal Story Segment" tonight, the very provocative comparison made by Sarah Palin.
Former governor of Alaska tweeted this, "Which symbol killed 90,000 black babies last year" -- with a question mark. Then you see the logo for the confederate flag opposite the logo for Planned Parenthood.
Joining us now from Phoenix is Governor Palin. Your essential point in this tweet is what?
PALIN: This is kind of symbolic of our political correctness absurdity and the absurdity of some persons' priorities when they are concerned more about a symbol that had represented the negatives many years ago compared to today, thousands and thousands of babies, obviously, that we've seen in the news over and over with Planned Parenthood being butchered and having their baby parts sold. That people in some parts are paying a whole lot more attention to the flag controversy than they are about what Planned Parenthood their barbaric practices are.
O'REILLY: Ok. Now why did you zero in on black babies?
PALIN: Oh, because the confederate flag, obviously, has been such a focal point for much of society right now, that that was an easy comparison. Again, this outrage over the flag and then especially in South Carolina -- that was taken care of, they took down the flag. But where is more of the outcry about what is actually going on with innocent human life and how can civilized society even accept what's going on?
O'REILLY: I know.
You know the lion story? The lion story is engendering more outrage -- this lion was killed in Zimbabwe by this dentist -- than some in Planned Parenthood. You know how human nature is. But it was interesting comparison.
I'm interested in the black baby 90,000 figure. Here in New York more black babies than white babies are aborted. We don't know the nation-wide figure about that.
PALIN: Right.
O'REILLY: It probably has to do with poverty about the black baby abortions, would you agree with that?
PALIN: No, I do not. Planned Parenthood is in the business of finding targets. So they may attract those who would be perhaps disadvantaged in some ways and be made to believe that abortion is their only option.
That is why, Bill, 80 percent of Planned Parenthood shops are set up in minority neighborhoods. It's tragic that they would make anybody, a minority even, feel that they're not capable enough and they're not able and supported enough to go through -- I'm going to finish my point --
O'REILLY: Go ahead.
PALIN: -- that they can go through 40 weeks of a pregnancy in order to give their child life, thought is not impossible. It's less than ideal in many circumstances but it's not impossible to carry that baby, give it life. And then you're still going to school, you're still working, you're still raising other children. For them to make people -- women feel that they're not capable of doing that is absolutely atrocious.
O'REILLY: Ok. Why do you believe they're targeting minority women -- they being Planned Parenthood -- for abortions? Why?
PALIN: As I say, they are in there trying to make these minority women feel that they're not capable of giving their child life. And then allowing the spirit of adoption or good foster care or more support.
O'REILLY: Why though, governor? Why are they trying to do that? Why?
PALIN: They're doing that because they have too many people deceived. They have leaders in some of these communities, including our president, who would say, "God bless you, Planned Parenthood. I'm there fighting with you." People deceived to make it sound like, oh, my goodness, an innocent human life is disposable.
O'REILLY: I just wanted to know if you think Planned Parenthood has a motivation to target minority women to come in and get their babies aborted. Is there a reason they're in the poor neighborhoods? Any reason?
PALIN: Planned Parenthood is a bogus business. They're in it to make money. They are in it to profit. And they have profit. And that's why our tax dollars should not go to Planned Parenthood. They're not needed. And they're not -- it's certainly not ethical for our tax dollars to go there.
O'REILLY: I hope you're right, Governor. I don't think tax money should be going to this organization, either. And we appreciate you coming on tonight.


