We are a nation of laws no longer. We saw that yesterday in the senate as 44 Democrats and one Republican Kirk of Illinois voted against defunding sanctuary cities as well as punishing illegal alien felons who defy deportation. 45 senators failed to uphold federal law violating their oath of office.
Where is the outrage? Sad truth -- there is very little.
In San Francisco yesterday the board of supervisors directly insulted the family of Kate Steinle, the young woman who was murdered by illegal alien felon who was released from a San Francisco after federal authorities asked the sheriff to hold him.
The supervisors voted to retain their sanctuary city policy and not cooperate with federal authorities when asked to detain criminals. And if you think that's outrageous, listen to this sound bite directed at Kate Steinle's family and supporters.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
MALIA COHEN, SAN FRANCISCO BOARD OF SUPERVISORS: We cannot allow one event to dictate 25 years, 25 years of our city's policies towards undocumented immigrants in our city.
And more importantly, more importantly, we cannot allow hateful conservative news stations to drive how we respond to incidents in our city. I'm not afraid of Fox News. And they don't influence how I make my policy decisions here in San Francisco.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: So let me be very clear. That woman is a disgrace. And if I were the attorney general of the United States, I would immediately place her under arrest. I might not win the case, but I would send a message to all subversive office holders in this country that if you do not obey federal law, you yourself will be prosecuted.
And where is President Obama on upholding the law? What does he have to say about his own party's vote in the senate? The President is silent.
Now, if congress doesn't believe immigration law is good for America, change it. But don't defy it because then every single American can pick and choose what law to obey under equal justice for all -- right?
There's no question that our elected officials in Washington and in places like San Francisco are actively undermining the rule of law in this country. What kind of message does it send when the Senate condones a city like San Francisco releasing a seven-time foreign felon who then kills an innocent woman?
As for the city of San Francisco, it's hopeless -- a free fire zone of antiestablishment behavior. As Talking Points stated yesterday, there comes a point when the American people have to rise up and elect responsible people to run the country. Throw out the irresponsible people. Because right now, you know what, things are officially out of control here.
And that's “The Memo”.

