
O'REILLY: "Unresolved Problem Segment" tonight, Germany is leading the league in taking in refugees from the Middle East. But on New Year's Eve reports say several hundred Semitic-looking men ran around in packs, some of those men abused German women in the city of Cologne.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HEIKO MAAS, GERMAN JUSTICE MINISTER: What happened in Cologne's main train station and in other areas of Germany is not acceptable. It must not be allowed and the perpetrators must be punished.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: But German authorities have made no arrests at all, even though two women now say they were raped.
Joining us on the phone from Cologne, Germany: "London Times" correspondent Allan Hall. So what really happened here, Mr. Hall?
ALLAN HALL, LONDON TIMES CORRESPONDENT (via telephone): It was a mob of about a thousand men of, we are told by the victims and by the eyewitnesses of Arabic or Middle Eastern looking appearance. They rampaged through the main station in the square outside next to the famous gothic theater. They fired fireworks through the crowd.
And with all these fireworks going off celebrations of New Year's Eve they took the opportunity to surround these women, rob them and in some cases seriously sexually assault them.
O'REILLY: Now, was this a certain group of people? How do you get a thousand people rampaging? How do you do that?
HALL: Well, this was a thousand men that gathered outside. It's a very big square and what happened was these guys according to the victims peeled off into groups of between three and 20. Surrounding women in either singularly or in groups of two or three interfered with them sexually and took the opportunity to rob them.
O'REILLY: Are they all Muslim men? Had that been established?
HALL: No, it has not been established. It's only been established that all the victims and so far it's 119 Cologne say that they were of a North African or Arabic appearance and spoke Arabic or some other language -- not German.
O'REILLY: Interesting. We hear over here in New York that the German media was reluctant to cover this story. Is that true?
HALL: I think it is true. I think the background to that as you know Germany has accepted in over a million people last year. There is great -- there is a great strain on the social fabric in this country.
There is no getting away from that. You probably see in America the numerous assaults, fire bombs, other attacks on accommodation and on individuals. And I think the German -- I don't think it was a question of sweeping it under the carpet. I think it was a question of trying to get it right because at this stage the authorities are still saying we don't think these people that committed these assaults are actually asylum seekers.
They think they are people that have been in the country for a long time. And today there was a report from the city of Dusseldorf which is only 30 miles down the road that said there has been a similar series of attacks over the last 15 months in Dusseldorf in the same manner from a group of men from Algeria and Morocco. It seems to be a new form of crime.
O'REILLY: Interesting. All right. And, you know, public safety, obviously this is not going to go down well with the anti-immigrant forces in Germany.
Mr. Hall, we appreciate it very much.
Now, joining us from Washington: Fox News strategic analyst Lt. Col. Ralph Peters. Does this have a wider implication, Colonel?
LT. COL. RALPH PETERS, FOX NEWS STRATEGIC ANALYST: It certainly does. There is just a firestorm in the German media now especially online in the blogosphere. Because the German position having taken in immigrants over the years and 1.1 million just last year from the Middle East and North Africa, has been that they are all innocent victims.
And when a German of any standing tried to criticize that immigration policy, the media and politicians would brand them neo-Nazi automatically.
And now there is a feeling from John Schmidt (ph), Herr Mayer (ph), the German man on the street that, hey, this is what we have been talking about. Because what happened was about a thousand guys organizing this flash mob create organized sexual assaults, at least two rapes in Cologne, about 50 plus attacks in Hamburg, the same night New Year's Eve, about 13 or more or 18 I think it is now in Dusseldorf.
And it's a shock to the Germans. Because Germans, you know, there's got to be order. And that this could happen in Germany is unthinkable to them. And the first thing the authorities did was try to hush it up. And then they rushed out and said -- they did an Obama. They said, well, you know, you can't assume they're Muslims. You can't assume this is sexual terrorism -- blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And the mayor of Cologne who is super, you know, free immigration, open borders, Henrietta Reker, she actually said within the last 24 hours, well, what women have to do German women just have to keep all strange men at arm's length -- pretty tough to do. And on top that --
O'REILLY: That's ridiculous. That's absurd.
PETERS: -- they have got their Mardi Gras coming up. Cologne is their New Orleans at (inaudible) they are worried about that. This is a disaster. It may be a turning point in German attitude toward immigration.
O'REILLY: Do you think the press, the liberal press in Germany and, you know, Germany like many other countries the press is primarily left is covering it up?
PETERS: I think they initially tried to play it way down. They had to report it but they are playing vanilla reports. I read the German media just about every day.
And now they are trying to ameliorate and well we don't know of this. We're not sure of that.
O'REILLY: We don't know -- right.
PETERS: But initial reports interestingly were that several men were arrested, were taken into custody and questioned, who were recent immigrants -- that disappeared. Now we know two men are in custody. But the bottom line is this, Bill, Germany can't handle the wave of immigrants it's got and the average German is furious.
O'REILLY: Thank you, Colonel, as always.


