Because of The Factor's reporting on the Ben Carson-Ted Cruz Iowa situation a major controversy has now broken out in New Hampshire.
Briefly, Dr. Carson says the Cruz campaign aided by a false report on CNN, dishonestly swayed some Iowa voters. Donald Trump has now taken up that cause bashing Cruz who has apologized but says he did not know anything about the false report as it was unfolding. So you can see it's a mess and the issue is being widely discussed in the Granite State.
A new daily tracking poll from WHDH and the University of Massachusetts about New Hampshire says the following:Donald Trump in the lead with 36 percent, Marco Rubio 15, Ted Cruz 14, Jeb Bush 8, John Kasich 7, Chris Christie 5, Ben Carson 4, Carly Fiorina 3 percent, undecided 8 percent.
So it seemed that Trump has it if the undecideds are that low. But that was really not the case. Anything can happen in New Hampshire as Trump zeros in on Cruz.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
TRUMP: I think what he did is disgusting. He said that Ben Carson, who is a fantastic guy, had dropped out of the race during the caucus. He had dropped out of the race and vote for Ted Cruz. All of those people come and vote for Ted Cruz and many of them did. I think it was a disgrace that he did it.
CRUZ: I wake up every day and laugh at the latest thing Donald has tweeted because he is losing it. Look, we need a commander and chief. Not a Twitterer in chief. We're liable to wake up one morning and Donald, if he were president would have nuked Denmark.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
O'REILLY: Now, the beneficiary of the Trump/Cruz brouhaha may be Marco Rubio who at this point is trying to float above the Carson controversy. No matter -- the next five days will be very intense whoever wins New Hampshire will obviously have momentum going into South Carolina, Nevada and then Super Tuesday.
Talking Points believes that the Carson-Cruz situation will disappear unless a criminal investigation is mounted. The mainstream media is simply not very interested in the story. So it will vanish unless new headlines occur.
Tomorrow on The Factor we will talk with Donald Trump also Chris Christie as the New Hampshire tensions mount.
And that's “The Memo”.

